wikiid;url;name;language;locallanguage
ttwiki;https://tt.wikipedia.org;Tatar Wikipedia;Tatar;Tatar√ßa / –¢–∞—Ç–∞—Ä—á–∞
hiwiki;https://hi.wikipedia.org;Hindi Wikipedia;Hindi;‡§π‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§¶‡•Ä
idwiktionary;https://id.wiktionary.org;Indonesian Wiktionary;Indonesian;Bahasa Indonesia
skrwiki;https://skr.wikipedia.org;Saraiki Wikipedia;Saraiki;ÿ≥ÿ±ÿßÿ¶€å⁄©€å
wawikisource;https://wa.wikisource.org;Walloon Wikisource;Walloon;Walon
tawikisource;https://ta.wikisource.org;Tamil Wikisource;Tamil;‡Æ§‡ÆÆ‡Æø‡Æ¥‡Øç
ltwikiquote;https://lt.wikiquote.org;Lithuanian Wikiquote;Lithuanian;Lietuvi≈≥
dgawiki;https://dga.wikipedia.org;Dagaare Wikipedia;Dagaare;Dagaaba
pa_uswikimedia;https://pa-us.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Pennsylvania;English;English
novwiki;https://nov.wikipedia.org;Novial Wikipedia;Novial;Novial
skwiki;https://sk.wikipedia.org;Slovak Wikipedia;Slovak;Slovenƒçina
hiwiktionary;https://hi.wiktionary.org;Hindi Wiktionary;Hindi;‡§π‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§¶‡•Ä
akwikibooks;https://ak.wikibooks.org;Akan Wikibooks;Akan;Akana
iewikibooks;https://ie.wikibooks.org;Interlingue Wikibooks;Interlingue;Interlingue
chrwiktionary;https://chr.wiktionary.org;Cherokee Wiktionary;Cherokee;·è£·é≥·é©
arwikiquote;https://ar.wikiquote.org;Arabic Wikiquote;Arabic;ÿßŸÑÿπÿ±ÿ®Ÿäÿ©
aswikisource;https://as.wikisource.org;Assamese Wikisource;Assamese;‡¶Ö‡¶∏‡¶Æ‡ßÄ‡ßü‡¶æ
arcwiki;https://arc.wikipedia.org;Aramaic Wikipedia;Aramaic;‹ê‹™‹°‹ù‹ê
hiwikimedia;https://hi.wikimedia.org;Hindi Wikimedia;Hindi;‡§π‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§¶‡•Ä
pcdwiki;https://pcd.wikipedia.org;Picard Wikipedia;Picard;Picard
biwiktionary;https://bi.wiktionary.org;Bislama Wiktionary;Bislama;Bislama
tiwiktionary;https://ti.wiktionary.org;Tigrinya Wiktionary;Tigrinya;·âµ·åç·à≠·äõ
eowikiquote;https://eo.wikiquote.org;Esperanto Wikiquote;Esperanto;Esperanto
wikimania2008wiki;https://wikimania2008.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2008 Wiki;English;English
hifwiki;https://hif.wikipedia.org;Fiji Hindi Wikipedia;Fiji Hindi;Fiji Hindi
bnwikisource;https://bn.wikisource.org;Bengali Wikisource;Bengali;‡¶¨‡¶æ‡¶Ç‡¶≤‡¶æ
idwikibooks;https://id.wikibooks.org;Indonesian Wikibooks;Indonesian;Bahasa Indonesia
mlwiktionary;https://ml.wiktionary.org;Malayalam Wiktionary;Malayalam;‡¥Æ‡¥≤‡¥Ø‡¥æ‡¥≥‡¥Ç
anwiktionary;https://an.wiktionary.org;Aragonese Wiktionary;Aragonese;Aragon√©s
aywiki;https://ay.wikipedia.org;Aymara Wikipedia;Aymara;Aymar
enwikisource;https://en.wikisource.org;English Wikisource;English;English
plwiktionary;https://pl.wiktionary.org;Polish Wiktionary;Polish;Polski
zghwiki;https://zgh.wikipedia.org;Moroccan Amazigh Wikipedia;Moroccan Amazigh;‚µú‚¥∞‚µé‚¥∞‚µ£‚µâ‚µñ‚µú
bgwikiquote;https://bg.wikiquote.org;Bulgarian Wikiquote;Bulgarian;–ë—ä–ª–≥–∞—Ä—Å–∫–∏
gpewiki;https://gpe.wikipedia.org;Ghanaian Pidgin Wikipedia;Ghanaian Pidgin;Kroo brofo
aswikiquote;https://as.wikiquote.org;Assamese Wikiquote;Assamese;‡¶Ö‡¶∏‡¶Æ‡ßÄ‡ßü‡¶æ
knwikisource;https://kn.wikisource.org;Kannada Wikisource;Kannada;‡≤ï‡≤®‡≥ç‡≤®‡≤°
srwikibooks;https://sr.wikibooks.org;Serbian Wikibooks;Serbian;–°—Ä–ø—Å–∫–∏ / Srpski
glwiktionary;https://gl.wiktionary.org;Galician Wiktionary;Galician;Galego
ruwiki;https://ru.wikipedia.org;Russian Wikipedia;Russian;–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π
bmwiki;https://bm.wikipedia.org;Bambara Wikipedia;Bambara;Bamanankan
jawikiquote;https://ja.wikiquote.org;Japanese Wikiquote;Japanese;Êó•Êú¨Ë™û
dewikiversity;https://de.wikiversity.org;German Wikiversity;German;Deutsch
slwiktionary;https://sl.wiktionary.org;Slovenian Wiktionary;Slovenian;Sloven≈°ƒçina
ptwikinews;https://pt.wikinews.org;Portuguese Wikinews;Portuguese;Portugu√™s
wikimania2009wiki;https://wikimania2009.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2009 Wiki;English;English
euwiki;https://eu.wikipedia.org;Basque Wikipedia;Basque;Euskara
ndswiki;https://nds.wikipedia.org;Low Saxon Wikipedia;Low Saxon;Plattd√º√ºtsch
dawiktionary;https://da.wiktionary.org;Danish Wiktionary;Danish;Dansk
gawiktionary;https://ga.wiktionary.org;Irish Wiktionary;Irish;Gaeilge
aawiktionary;https://aa.wiktionary.org;Afar Wiktionary;Afar;Afar
jawiktionary;https://ja.wiktionary.org;Japanese Wiktionary;Japanese;Êó•Êú¨Ë™û
sqwikibooks;https://sq.wikibooks.org;Albanian Wikibooks;Albanian;Shqip
jbowiki;https://jbo.wikipedia.org;Lojban Wikipedia;Lojban;Lojban
shiwiki;https://shi.wikipedia.org;Tachelhit Wikipedia;Tachelhit;Taclhit
bnwiki;https://bn.wikipedia.org;Bengali Wikipedia;Bengali;‡¶¨‡¶æ‡¶Ç‡¶≤‡¶æ
pawiktionary;https://pa.wiktionary.org;Panjabi Wiktionary;Panjabi;‡®™‡©∞‡®ú‡®æ‡®¨‡©Ä
ruwikimedia;https://ru.wikimedia.org;Russian Wikimedia;Russian;–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π
rowikiquote;https://ro.wikiquote.org;Romanian Wikiquote;Romanian;Rom√¢nƒÉ
astwiktionary;https://ast.wiktionary.org;Asturian Wiktionary;Asturian;Asturianu
vecwiki;https://vec.wikipedia.org;Venetian Wikipedia;Venetian;V√®neto
guwiki;https://gu.wikipedia.org;Gujarati Wikipedia;Gujarati;‡™ó‡´Å‡™ú‡™∞‡™æ‡™§‡´Ä
mnwiki;https://mn.wikipedia.org;Mongolian Wikipedia;Mongolian;–ú–æ–Ω–≥–æ–ª
yuewiktionary;https://yue.wiktionary.org;Cantonese Wiktionary;Cantonese;Á≤µË™û
bgwiktionary;https://bg.wiktionary.org;Bulgarian Wiktionary;Bulgarian;–ë—ä–ª–≥–∞—Ä—Å–∫–∏
wikimania2007wiki;https://wikimania2007.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2007 Wiki;English;English
eswikiversity;https://es.wikiversity.org;Spanish Wikiversity;Spanish;Espa√±ol
chywiki;https://chy.wikipedia.org;Cheyenne Wikipedia;Cheyenne;Tsets√™hest√¢hese
roa_tarawiki;https://roa-tara.wikipedia.org;Tarantino Wikipedia;Tarantino;Tarand√≠ne
tewikibooks;https://te.wikibooks.org;Telugu Wikibooks;Telugu;‡∞§‡±Ü‡∞≤‡±Å‡∞ó‡±Å
cswiktionary;https://cs.wiktionary.org;Czech Wiktionary;Czech;ƒåe≈°tina
krwiki;https://kr.wikipedia.org;Kanuri Wikipedia;Kanuri;Kanuri
shnwiktionary;https://shn.wiktionary.org;Shan Wiktionary;Shan;·Åµ·ÇÇ·Å¢·Äô·Ä∫·Ä∏·Äê·ÇÜ·Ä∏·Äú·Ä∞·ÄÑ·Ä∫
iswiktionary;https://is.wiktionary.org;Icelandic Wiktionary;Icelandic;√çslenska
enwikiquote;https://en.wikiquote.org;English Wikiquote;English;English
madwiki;https://mad.wikipedia.org;Madurese Wikipedia;Madurese;Madhur√¢
ruewiki;https://rue.wikipedia.org;Rusyn Wikipedia;Rusyn;—Ä—É—Å–∏–Ω—å—Å–∫—ã–π —è–∑—ã–∫
lgwiki;https://lg.wikipedia.org;Luganda Wikipedia;Luganda;Luganda
gagwiki;https://gag.wikipedia.org;Gagauz Wikipedia;Gagauz;Gagauz
dagwiki;https://dag.wikipedia.org;Dagbani Wikipedia;Dagbani;Dagbanli
astwikibooks;https://ast.wikibooks.org;Asturian Wikibooks;Asturian;Asturianu
fiwikiversity;https://fi.wikiversity.org;Finnish Wikiversity;Finnish;Suomi
pagwiki;https://pag.wikipedia.org;Pangasinan Wikipedia;Pangasinan;Pangasinan
tgwiktionary;https://tg.wiktionary.org;Tajik Wiktionary;Tajik;–¢–æ“∑–∏–∫”£
lawikiquote;https://la.wikiquote.org;Latin Wikiquote;Latin;Latina
bbcwiki;https://bbc.wikipedia.org;Toba Batak Wikipedia;Toba Batak;·ØÖ·Øñ·ØÇ·Ø≤ ·Øñ·Ø¨·ØÖ / Batak Toba
nlwikibooks;https://nl.wikibooks.org;Dutch Wikibooks;Dutch;Nederlands
frwikiversity;https://fr.wikiversity.org;French Wikiversity;French;Fran√ßais
zawikibooks;https://za.wikibooks.org;Zhuang Wikibooks;Zhuang;Cuengh
skrwiktionary;https://skr.wiktionary.org;Saraiki Wiktionary;Saraiki;ÿ≥ÿ±ÿßÿ¶€å⁄©€å
gawiki;https://ga.wikipedia.org;Irish Wikipedia;Irish;Gaeilge
fiwiki;https://fi.wikipedia.org;Finnish Wikipedia;Finnish;Suomi
bclwiki;https://bcl.wikipedia.org;Central Bicolano Wikipedia;Central Bicolano;Bikol
tgwikibooks;https://tg.wikibooks.org;Tajik Wikibooks;Tajik;–¢–æ“∑–∏–∫”£
cowiktionary;https://co.wiktionary.org;Corsican Wiktionary;Corsican;Corsu
fowiktionary;https://fo.wiktionary.org;Faroese Wiktionary;Faroese;F√∏royskt
iowiktionary;https://io.wiktionary.org;Ido Wiktionary;Ido;Ido
afwiki;https://af.wikipedia.org;Afrikaans Wikipedia;Afrikaans;Afrikaans
fjwiki;https://fj.wikipedia.org;Fijian Wikipedia;Fijian;Na Vosa Vakaviti
fiwikimedia;https://fi.wikimedia.org;Finnish Wikiversity;Finnish;Suomi
vecwiktionary;https://vec.wiktionary.org;Venetian Wiktionary;Venetian;V√®neto
kawikibooks;https://ka.wikibooks.org;Georgian Wikibooks;Georgian;·É•·Éê·É†·Éó·É£·Éö·Éò
gotwikibooks;https://got.wikibooks.org;Gothic Wikibooks;Gothic;êå≤êåøêçÑêåπêçÉêå∫
zhwikinews;https://zh.wikinews.org;Chinese Wikinews;Chinese;‰∏≠Êñá
pflwiki;https://pfl.wikipedia.org;Palatinate German Wikipedia;Palatinate German;Pf√§lzisch
lmowiktionary;https://lmo.wiktionary.org;Lombard Wiktionary;Lombard;Lumbaart
zuwikibooks;https://zu.wikibooks.org;Zulu Wikibooks;Zulu;isiZulu
wikimania2006wiki;https://wikimania2006.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2006 Wiki;English;English
kswiki;https://ks.wikipedia.org;Kashmiri Wikipedia;Kashmiri;‡§ï‡§∂‡•ç‡§Æ‡•Ä‡§∞‡•Ä / ŸÉÿ¥ŸÖŸäÿ±Ÿä
thwikibooks;https://th.wikibooks.org;Thai Wikibooks;Thai;‡πÑ‡∏ó‡∏¢
rowiktionary;https://ro.wiktionary.org;Romanian Wiktionary;Romanian;Rom√¢nƒÉ
avwiki;https://av.wikipedia.org;Avar Wikipedia;Avar;–ê–≤–∞—Ä
ukwikisource;https://uk.wikisource.org;Ukrainian Wikisource;Ukrainian;–£–∫—Ä–∞—ó–Ω—Å—å–∫–∞
kkwikiquote;https://kk.wikiquote.org;Kazakh Wikiquote;Kazakh;“õ–∞–∑–∞“õ—à–∞
lowiktionary;https://lo.wiktionary.org;Lao Wiktionary;Lao;‡∫•‡∫≤‡∫ß
frwikivoyage;https://fr.wikivoyage.org;French Wikivoyage;French;Fran√ßais
kbdwiktionary;https://kbd.wiktionary.org;Kabardian Circassian Wiktionary;Kabardian Circassian;–ê–¥—ã–≥—ç–±–∑—ç (Adighabze)
guwwiktionary;https://guw.wiktionary.org;Gun Wiktionary;Gun;Gungb√®
map_bmswiki;https://map-bms.wikipedia.org;Banyumasan Wikipedia;Banyumasan;Basa Banyumasan
dawikibooks;https://da.wikibooks.org;Danish Wikibooks;Danish;Dansk
nvwiki;https://nv.wikipedia.org;Navajo Wikipedia;Navajo;Din√© bizaad
svwikinews;https://sv.wikinews.org;Swedish Wikinews;Swedish;Svenska
kbdwiki;https://kbd.wikipedia.org;Kabardian Circassian Wikipedia;Kabardian Circassian;–ê–¥—ã–≥—ç–±–∑—ç (Adighabze)
eswiki;https://es.wikipedia.org;Spanish Wikipedia;Spanish;Espa√±ol
shnwikibooks;https://shn.wikibooks.org;Shan Wikibooks;Shan;·Åµ·ÇÇ·Å¢·Äô·Ä∫·Ä∏·Äê·ÇÜ·Ä∏·Äú·Ä∞·ÄÑ·Ä∫
smwiki;https://sm.wikipedia.org;Samoan Wikipedia;Samoan;Gagana Samoa
shwiki;https://sh.wikipedia.org;Serbo-Croatian Wikipedia;Serbo-Croatian;Srpskohrvatski / –°—Ä–ø—Å–∫–æ—Ö—Ä–≤–∞—Ç—Å–∫–∏
yowikibooks;https://yo.wikibooks.org;Yoruba Wikibooks;Yoruba;Yor√πb√°
abwiki;https://ab.wikipedia.org;Abkhazian Wikipedia;Abkhazian;–ê“ß—Å—É–∞
lijwiki;https://lij.wikipedia.org;Ligurian Wikipedia;Ligurian;L√≠guru
iawiki;https://ia.wikipedia.org;Interlingua Wikipedia;Interlingua;Interlingua
ptwikiquote;https://pt.wikiquote.org;Portuguese Wikiquote;Portuguese;Portugu√™s
iuwiktionary;https://iu.wiktionary.org;Inuktitut Wiktionary;Inuktitut;·êÉ·ìÑ·íÉ·ëé·ëê·ë¶
mrwiki;https://mr.wikipedia.org;Marathi Wikipedia;Marathi;‡§Æ‡§∞‡§æ‡§†‡•Ä
ruwiktionary;https://ru.wiktionary.org;Russian Wiktionary;Russian;–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π
arzwiki;https://arz.wikipedia.org;Egyptian Arabic Wikipedia;Egyptian Arabic;ŸÖÿµÿ±Ÿâ (Ma·π£rƒ´)
diqwiki;https://diq.wikipedia.org;Zazaki Wikipedia;Zazaki;Zazaki
shywiktionary;https://shy.wiktionary.org;Shawiya Wiktionary;Shawiya;Tacawit
ngwikimedia;https://ng.wikimedia.org;Ndonga Wikimedia;Ndonga;Oshiwambo
sahwiki;https://sah.wikipedia.org;Sakha Wikipedia;Sakha;–°–∞—Ö–∞ —Ç—ã–ª–∞ (Saxa Tyla)
lijwikisource;https://lij.wikisource.org;Ligurian Wikisource;Ligurian;L√≠guru
huwikiquote;https://hu.wikiquote.org;Hungarian Wikiquote;Hungarian;Magyar
vowikiquote;https://vo.wikiquote.org;Volap√ºk Wikiquote;Volap√ºk;Volap√ºk
elwikivoyage;https://el.wikivoyage.org;Greek Wikivoyage;Greek;ŒïŒªŒªŒ∑ŒΩŒπŒ∫Œ¨
lbewiki;https://lbe.wikipedia.org;Lak Wikipedia;Lak;–õ–∞–∫–∫—É
mywikibooks;https://my.wikibooks.org;Burmese Wikibooks;Burmese;Myanmasa
roa_rupwiktionary;https://roa-rup.wiktionary.org;Aromanian Wiktionary;Aromanian;Arm√£neashce
mwlwiki;https://mwl.wikipedia.org;Mirandese Wikipedia;Mirandese;Mirand√©s
hewikinews;https://he.wikinews.org;Hebrew Wikinews;Hebrew;◊¢◊ë◊®◊ô◊™
glwikiquote;https://gl.wikiquote.org;Galician Wikiquote;Galician;Galego
rswikimedia;https://rs.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Serbia;Serbian;–°—Ä–ø—Å–∫–∏ / Srpski
advisorywiki;https://advisory.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Advisory;English;English
arywiki;https://ary.wikipedia.org;Moroccan Arabic Wikipedia;Moroccan Arabic;ÿßŸÑŸÑŸáÿ¨ÿ© ÿßŸÑŸÖÿ∫ÿ±ÿ®Ÿäÿ©
lbwikiquote;https://lb.wikiquote.org;Luxembourgish Wikiquote;Luxembourgish;L√´tzebuergesch
kowiki;https://ko.wikipedia.org;Korean Wikipedia;Korean;ÌïúÍµ≠Ïñ¥
liwiki;https://li.wikipedia.org;Limburgish Wikipedia;Limburgish;Limburgs
aawiki;https://aa.wikipedia.org;Afar Wikipedia;Afar;Afar
liwikibooks;https://li.wikibooks.org;Limburgian Wikibooks;Limburgian;Limburgs
gvwiki;https://gv.wikipedia.org;Manx Wikipedia;Manx;Gaelg
azwiki;https://az.wikipedia.org;Azerbaijani Wikipedia;Azerbaijani;Az…ôrbaycanca
gorwiki;https://gor.wikipedia.org;Gorontalo Wikipedia;Gorontalo;Hulontalo
urwikibooks;https://ur.wikibooks.org;Urdu Wikibooks;Urdu;ÿßÿ±ÿØŸà
elwikiquote;https://el.wikiquote.org;Greek Wikiquote;Greek;ŒïŒªŒªŒ∑ŒΩŒπŒ∫Œ¨
niawiktionary;https://nia.wiktionary.org;Nias Wiktionary;Nias;Li Niha
scwiktionary;https://sc.wiktionary.org;Sardinian Wiktionary;Sardinian;Sardu
twwiki;https://tw.wikipedia.org;Twi Wikipedia;Twi;Twi
ptwikimedia;https://pt.wikimedia.org;Portuguese Wikimedia;Portuguese;Portugu√™s
siwiki;https://si.wikipedia.org;Sinhalese Wikipedia;Sinhalese;‡∑É‡∑í‡∂Ç‡∑Ñ‡∂Ω
fawikivoyage;https://fa.wikivoyage.org;Persian Wikivoyage;Persian;ŸÅÿßÿ±ÿ≥€å
svwikivoyage;https://sv.wikivoyage.org;Swedish Wikivoyage;Swedish;Svenska
cawiki;https://ca.wikipedia.org;Catalan Wikipedia;Catalan;Catal√†
knwiki;https://kn.wikipedia.org;Kannada Wikipedia;Kannada;‡≤ï‡≤®‡≥ç‡≤®‡≤°
hzwiki;https://hz.wikipedia.org;Herero Wikipedia;Herero;Otsiherero
etwiki;https://et.wikipedia.org;Estonian Wikipedia;Estonian;Eesti
labswiki;https://wikitech.wikimedia.org;Wikitech;English;English
testcommonswiki;https://test-commons.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Commons Test Wiki;All;All
mrwikibooks;https://mr.wikibooks.org;Marathi Wikibooks;Marathi;‡§Æ‡§∞‡§æ‡§†‡•Ä
mswiki;https://ms.wikipedia.org;Malay Wikipedia;Malay;Bahasa Melayu
slwiki;https://sl.wikipedia.org;Slovenian Wikipedia;Slovenian;Sloven≈°ƒçina
chwikibooks;https://ch.wikibooks.org;Chamorro Wikibooks;Chamorro;Chamoru
tawikinews;https://ta.wikinews.org;Tamil Wikinews;Tamil;‡Æ§‡ÆÆ‡Æø‡Æ¥‡Øç
diqwiktionary;https://diq.wiktionary.org;Zazaki Wiktionary;Zazaki;Zazaki
bawikibooks;https://ba.wikibooks.org;Bashkir Wikibooks;Bashkir;–ë–∞—à“°–æ—Ä—Ç
zh_min_nanwikisource;https://zh-min-nan.wikisource.org;Min Nan Wikisource;Min Nan;B√¢n-l√¢m-g√∫
brwikimedia;https://br.wikimedia.org;Breton Wikimedia;Breton;Brezhoneg
angwiki;https://ang.wikipedia.org;Anglo-Saxon Wikipedia;Anglo-Saxon;Englisc
kowikinews;https://ko.wikinews.org;Korean Wikinews;Korean;ÌïúÍµ≠Ïñ¥
aywiktionary;https://ay.wiktionary.org;Aymara Wiktionary;Aymara;Aymar
zh_min_nanwikiquote;https://zh-min-nan.wikiquote.org;Min Nan Wikiquote;Min Nan;B√¢n-l√¢m-g√∫
kmwiki;https://km.wikipedia.org;Khmer Wikipedia;Khmer;·ûó·û∂·ûü·û∂·ûÅ·üí·ûò·üÇ·ûö
eswikivoyage;https://es.wikivoyage.org;Spanish Wikivoyage;Spanish;Espa√±ol
strategywiki;https://strategy.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Strategy Wiki;All;All
frwikibooks;https://fr.wikibooks.org;French Wikibooks;French;Fran√ßais
wuuwiki;https://wuu.wikipedia.org;Wu Wikipedia;Wu;Âê¥ËØ≠
nowikiquote;https://no.wikiquote.org;Norwegian (Bokm√•l) Wikiquote;Norwegian (Bokm√•l);Norsk (Bokm√•l)
iawikibooks;https://ia.wikibooks.org;Interlingua Wikibooks;Interlingua;Interlingua
dewikiquote;https://de.wikiquote.org;German Wikiquote;German;Deutsch
nlwikivoyage;https://nl.wikivoyage.org;Dutch Wikivoyage;Dutch;Nederlands
uzwiki;https://uz.wikipedia.org;Uzbek Wikipedia;Uzbek;O‚Äòzbek
elwikibooks;https://el.wikibooks.org;Greek Wikibooks;Greek;ŒïŒªŒªŒ∑ŒΩŒπŒ∫Œ¨
zhwikiquote;https://zh.wikiquote.org;Chinese Wikiquote;Chinese;‰∏≠Êñá
pawiki;https://pa.wikipedia.org;Punjabi Wikipedia;Punjabi;‡®™‡©∞‡®ú‡®æ‡®¨‡©Ä
rmwiktionary;https://rm.wiktionary.org;Raeto Romance Wiktionary;Raeto Romance;Rumantsch
frrwiki;https://frr.wikipedia.org;North Frisian Wikipedia;North Frisian;Nordfriisk
nowikinews;https://no.wikinews.org;Norwegian (Bokm√•l) Wikinews;Norwegian (Bokm√•l);Norsk (Bokm√•l)
tkwikiquote;https://tk.wikiquote.org;Turkmen Wikiquote;Turkmen;ÿ™ÿ±ŸÉŸÖŸÜ / –¢—É—Ä–∫–º–µ–Ω
omwiktionary;https://om.wiktionary.org;Oromo Wiktionary;Oromo;Oromoo
fiwikivoyage;https://fi.wikivoyage.org;Finnish Wikivoyage;Finnish;Suomi
foundationwiki;https://foundation.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Foundation Wiki;All;All
hywikiquote;https://hy.wikiquote.org;Armenian Wikiquote;Armenian;’Ä’°’µ’•÷Ä’•’∂
trwiki;https://tr.wikipedia.org;Turkish Wikipedia;Turkish;T√ºrk√ße
blkwiki;https://blk.wikipedia.org;Pa'O Wikipedia;Pa'O;·Äï·Ä°·Ä≠·ÄØ·Äù·Ä∫·Çè·Äò·Ä¨·Çè·Äû·Ä¨·Çè
mniwiki;https://mni.wikipedia.org;Meitei Wikipedia;Meitei;ÍØÉÍØ§ÍØáÍØ©ÍØÇÍØ£ÍØü
sowiki;https://so.wikipedia.org;Somali Wikipedia;Somali;Soomaaliga
mywiktionary;https://my.wiktionary.org;Burmese Wiktionary;Burmese;·Äô·Äº·Äî·Ä∫·Äô·Ä¨·Äò·Ä¨·Äû·Ä¨
zhwikisource;https://zh.wikisource.org;Chinese Wikisource;Chinese;‰∏≠Êñá
yiwiki;https://yi.wikipedia.org;Yiddish Wikipedia;Yiddish;◊ô◊ô÷¥◊ì◊ô◊©
lnwikibooks;https://ln.wikibooks.org;Lingala Wikibooks;Lingala;Lingala
mswikibooks;https://ms.wikibooks.org;Malay Wikibooks;Malay;Bahasa Melayu
mtwiki;https://mt.wikipedia.org;Maltese Wikipedia;Maltese;Malti
srwiktionary;https://sr.wiktionary.org;Serbian Wiktionary;Serbian;–°—Ä–ø—Å–∫–∏ / Srpski
itwikisource;https://it.wikisource.org;Italian Wikisource;Italian;Italiano
snwiki;https://sn.wikipedia.org;Shona Wikipedia;Shona;chiShona
mlwikiquote;https://ml.wikiquote.org;Malayalam Wikiquote;Malayalam;‡¥Æ‡¥≤‡¥Ø‡¥æ‡¥≥‡¥Ç
cewiki;https://ce.wikipedia.org;Chechen Wikipedia;Chechen;–ù–æ—Ö—á–∏–π–Ω
dewikinews;https://de.wikinews.org;German Wikinews;German;Deutsch
nywiki;https://ny.wikipedia.org;Chichewa Wikipedia;Chichewa;Chi-Chewa
mrwiktionary;https://mr.wiktionary.org;Marathi Wiktionary;Marathi;‡§Æ‡§∞‡§æ‡§†‡•Ä
tlwikiquote;https://tl.wikiquote.org;Tagalog Wikiquote;Tagalog;Tagalog
arwiktionary;https://ar.wiktionary.org;Arabic Wiktionary;Arabic;ÿßŸÑÿπÿ±ÿ®Ÿäÿ©
shnwiki;https://shn.wikipedia.org;Shan Wikipedia;Shan;·Åµ·ÇÇ·Å¢·Äô·Ä∫·Ä∏·Äê·ÇÜ·Ä∏·Äú·Ä∞·ÄÑ·Ä∫
thwikisource;https://th.wikisource.org;Thai Wikisource;Thai;‡πÑ‡∏ó‡∏¢
tswiki;https://ts.wikipedia.org;Tsonga Wikipedia;Tsonga;Xitsonga
ltwikisource;https://lt.wikisource.org;Lithuanian Wikisource;Lithuanian;Lietuvi≈≥
frpwiki;https://frp.wikipedia.org;Franco-Proven√ßal/Arpitan Wikipedia;Franco-Proven√ßal/Arpitan;Arpitan
gomwiki;https://gom.wikipedia.org;Goan Konkani Wikipedia;Goan Konkani;‡§ó‡•ã‡§Ç‡§Ø‡§ö‡•Ä ‡§ï‡•ã‡§Ç‡§ï‡§£‡•Ä / G√µychi Konknni
bowikibooks;https://bo.wikibooks.org;Tibetan Wikibooks;Tibetan;Bod skad
azwikisource;https://az.wikisource.org;Azerbaijani Wikisource;Azerbaijani;Az…ôrbaycanca
extwiki;https://ext.wikipedia.org;Extremaduran Wikipedia;Extremaduran;Estreme√±u
rmwikibooks;https://rm.wikibooks.org;Romansh Wikibooks;Romansh;Rumantsch
tywiki;https://ty.wikipedia.org;Tahitian Wikipedia;Tahitian;Reo MƒÅ`ohi
niawiki;https://nia.wikipedia.org;Nias Wikipedia;Nias;Li Niha
simplewiktionary;https://simple.wiktionary.org;Simple English Wiktionary;Simple English;Simple English
lmowiki;https://lmo.wikipedia.org;Lombard Wikipedia;Lombard;Lumbaart
hrwikiquote;https://hr.wikiquote.org;Croatian Wikiquote;Croatian;Hrvatski
wowiktionary;https://wo.wiktionary.org;Wolof Wiktionary;Wolof;Wollof
gewikimedia;https://ge.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Georgia;Georgian;·É•·Éê·É†·Éó·É£·Éö·Éò
slwikibooks;https://sl.wikibooks.org;Slovenian Wikibooks;Slovenian;Sloven≈°ƒçina
bewikibooks;https://be.wikibooks.org;Belarusian Wikibooks;Belarusian;–ë–µ–ª–∞—Ä—É—Å–∫–∞—è
itwikibooks;https://it.wikibooks.org;Italian Wikibooks;Italian;Italiano
kowiktionary;https://ko.wiktionary.org;Korean Wiktionary;Korean;ÌïúÍµ≠Ïñ¥
pwnwiki;https://pwn.wikipedia.org;Paiwan Wikipedia;Paiwan;Pinayuanan
eowiktionary;https://eo.wiktionary.org;Esperanto Wiktionary;Esperanto;Esperanto
kvwiki;https://kv.wikipedia.org;Komi Wikipedia;Komi;–ö–æ–º–∏
mlwikisource;https://ml.wikisource.org;Malayalam Wikisource;Malayalam;‡¥Æ‡¥≤‡¥Ø‡¥æ‡¥≥‡¥Ç
gomwiktionary;https://gom.wiktionary.org;Goan Konkani Wiktionary;Goan Konkani;‡§ó‡•ã‡§Ç‡§Ø‡§ö‡•Ä ‡§ï‡•ã‡§Ç‡§ï‡§£‡•Ä / G√µychi Konknni
slwikisource;https://sl.wikisource.org;Slovenian Wikisource;Slovenian;Sloven≈°ƒçina
tenwiki;https://ten.wikipedia.org;Wikipedia 10th Anniversary;All;All
aswiki;https://as.wikipedia.org;Assamese Wikipedia;Assamese;‡¶Ö‡¶∏‡¶Æ‡ßÄ‡ßü‡¶æ
zh_classicalwiki;https://zh-classical.wikipedia.org;Classical Chinese Wikipedia;Classical Chinese;Âè§Êñá / ÊñáË®ÄÊñá
ruwikiquote;https://ru.wikiquote.org;Russian Wikiquote;Russian;–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π
xhwikibooks;https://xh.wikibooks.org;Xhosan Wikibooks;Xhosan;isiXhosa
mkwikimedia;https://mk.wikimedia.org;Macedonian Wiktionary;Macedonian;–ú–∞–∫–µ–¥–æ–Ω—Å–∫–∏
quwikiquote;https://qu.wikiquote.org;Quechua Wikiquote;Quechua;Runa Simi
bmwikiquote;https://bm.wikiquote.org;Bambara Wikiquote;Bambara;Bamanankan
oswiki;https://os.wikipedia.org;Ossetian Wikipedia;Ossetian;–ò—Ä–æ–Ω–∞—É
mgwikibooks;https://mg.wikibooks.org;Malagasy Wikibooks;Malagasy;Malagasy
bgwikinews;https://bg.wikinews.org;Bulgarian Wikinews;Bulgarian;–ë—ä–ª–≥–∞—Ä—Å–∫–∏
rmywiki;https://rmy.wikipedia.org;Romani Wikipedia;Romani;romani - ‡§∞‡•ã‡§Æ‡§æ‡§®‡•Ä
wawiktionary;https://wa.wiktionary.org;Walloon Wiktionary;Walloon;Walon
afwiktionary;https://af.wiktionary.org;Afrikaans Wiktionary;Afrikaans;Afrikaans
amwikiquote;https://am.wikiquote.org;Amharic Wikiquote;Amharic;·ä†·àõ·à≠·äõ
klwiki;https://kl.wikipedia.org;Greenlandic Wikipedia;Greenlandic;Kalaallisut
euwikisource;https://eu.wikisource.org;Basque Wikisource;Basque;Euskara
donatewiki;https://donate.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Donate Wiki;All;All
rwwiktionary;https://rw.wiktionary.org;Rwandi Wiktionary;Rwandi;Kinyarwanda
aswiktionary;https://as.wiktionary.org;Assamese Wiktionary;Assamese;‡¶Ö‡¶∏‡¶Æ‡ßÄ‡ßü‡¶æ
cywikibooks;https://cy.wikibooks.org;Welsh Wikibooks;Welsh;Cymraeg
dinwiki;https://din.wikipedia.org;Dinka Wikipedia;Dinka;Thu…î≈ãj√§≈ã
tlwikibooks;https://tl.wikibooks.org;Tagalog Wikibooks;Tagalog;Tagalog
zawiki;https://za.wikipedia.org;Zhuang Wikipedia;Zhuang;Cuengh
hiwikisource;https://hi.wikisource.org;Hindi Wikisource;Hindi;‡§π‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§¶‡•Ä
euwikiquote;https://eu.wikiquote.org;Basque Wikiquote;Basque;Euskara
fywiktionary;https://fy.wiktionary.org;West Frisian Wiktionary;West Frisian;Frysk
cawikiquote;https://ca.wikiquote.org;Catalan Wikiquote;Catalan;Catal√†
glwikibooks;https://gl.wikibooks.org;Galician Wikibooks;Galician;Galego
pntwiki;https://pnt.wikipedia.org;Pontic Wikipedia;Pontic;Œ†ŒøŒΩœÑŒπŒ±Œ∫Œ¨
aywikibooks;https://ay.wikibooks.org;Aymara Wikibooks;Aymara;Aymar
rowikinews;https://ro.wikinews.org;Romanian Wikinews;Romanian;Rom√¢nƒÉ
ffwiki;https://ff.wikipedia.org;Fula Wikipedia;Fula;Fulfulde
gdwiki;https://gd.wikipedia.org;Scottish Gaelic Wikipedia;Scottish Gaelic;G√†idhlig
svwikiversity;https://sv.wikiversity.org;Swedish Wikiversity;Swedish;Svenska
tnwiki;https://tn.wikipedia.org;Tswana Wikipedia;Tswana;Setswana
bnwikivoyage;https://bn.wikivoyage.org;Bengali Wikivoyage;Bengali;‡¶¨‡¶æ‡¶Ç‡¶≤‡¶æ
furwiki;https://fur.wikipedia.org;Friulian Wikipedia;Friulian;Furlan
vewikimedia;https://ve.wikimedia.org;Venda Wikimedia;Venda;Tshivenda
lawiki;https://la.wikipedia.org;Latin Wikipedia;Latin;Latina
sqwikinews;https://sq.wikinews.org;Albanian Wikinews;Albanian;Shqip
cswiki;https://cs.wikipedia.org;Czech Wikipedia;Czech;ƒåe≈°tina
mswiktionary;https://ms.wiktionary.org;Malay Wiktionary;Malay;Bahasa Melayu
skwikiquote;https://sk.wikiquote.org;Slovak Wikiquote;Slovak;Slovenƒçina
sswiktionary;https://ss.wiktionary.org;Swati Wiktionary;Swati;SiSwati
idwiki;https://id.wikipedia.org;Indonesian Wikipedia;Indonesian;Bahasa Indonesia
elwikinews;https://el.wikinews.org;Greek Wikinews;Greek;ŒïŒªŒªŒ∑ŒΩŒπŒ∫Œ¨
fywiki;https://fy.wikipedia.org;West Frisian Wikipedia;West Frisian;Frysk
suwikibooks;https://su.wikibooks.org;Sundanese Wikibooks;Sundanese;Basa Sunda
rowikisource;https://ro.wikisource.org;Romanian Wikisource;Romanian;Rom√¢nƒÉ
astwikiquote;https://ast.wikiquote.org;Asturian Wikiquote;Asturian;Asturianu
kcgwiki;https://kcg.wikipedia.org;Tyap Wikipedia;Tyap;Tyap
napwiki;https://nap.wikipedia.org;Neapolitan Wikipedia;Neapolitan;Nnapulitano
glkwiki;https://glk.wikipedia.org;Gilaki Wikipedia;Gilaki;⁄Ø€åŸÑ⁄©€å
miwiki;https://mi.wikipedia.org;Maori Wikipedia;Maori;MƒÅori
sahwikisource;https://sah.wikisource.org;Sakha Wikisource;Sakha;–°–∞—Ö–∞ —Ç—ã–ª–∞ (Saxa Tyla)
metawiki;https://meta.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Meta-Wiki;All;All
qualitywiki;https://quality.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Quality Wiki;All;All
ltwiki;https://lt.wikipedia.org;Lithuanian Wikipedia;Lithuanian;Lietuvi≈≥
outreachwiki;https://outreach.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Outreach Wiki;All;All
lvwiktionary;https://lv.wiktionary.org;Latvian Wiktionary;Latvian;Latvie≈°u
hsbwiktionary;https://hsb.wiktionary.org;Upper Sorbian Wiktionary;Upper Sorbian;Obersorbisch
ruwikivoyage;https://ru.wikivoyage.org;Russian Wikivoyage;Russian;–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π
piwiki;https://pi.wikipedia.org;Pali Wikipedia;Pali;‡§™‡§æ‡§¥‡§ø
cswikiversity;https://cs.wikiversity.org;Czech Wikiversity;Czech;ƒåe≈°tina
sawikisource;https://sa.wikisource.org;Sanskrit Wikisource;Sanskrit;‡§∏‡§Ç‡§∏‡•ç‡§ï‡•É‡§§‡§Æ‡•ç
rowiki;https://ro.wikipedia.org;Romanian Wikipedia;Romanian;Rom√¢nƒÉ
tumwiki;https://tum.wikipedia.org;Tumbuka Wikipedia;Tumbuka;chiTumbuka
testwikidatawiki;https://test.wikidata.org;Wikidata Testing;All;All
etwikisource;https://et.wikisource.org;Estonian Wikisource;Estonian;Eesti
liwikinews;https://li.wikinews.org;Limburgish Wikinews;Limburgish;Limburgs
lvwiki;https://lv.wikipedia.org;Latvian Wikipedia;Latvian;Latvie≈°u
eswikiquote;https://es.wikiquote.org;Spanish Wikiquote;Spanish;Espa√±ol
gnwiki;https://gn.wikipedia.org;Guarani Wikipedia;Guarani;Ava√±e'·∫Ω
euwikibooks;https://eu.wikibooks.org;Basque Wikibooks;Basque;Euskara
fowikisource;https://fo.wikisource.org;Faroese Wikisource;Faroese;F√∏royskt
bgwiki;https://bg.wikipedia.org;Bulgarian Wikipedia;Bulgarian;–ë—ä–ª–≥–∞—Ä—Å–∫–∏
gcrwiki;https://gcr.wikipedia.org;Guianan Creole Wikipedia;Guianan Creole;Kriy√≤l Gwiyannen
kawiki;https://ka.wikipedia.org;Georgian Wikipedia;Georgian;·É•·Éê·É†·Éó·É£·Éö·Éò
barwiki;https://bar.wikipedia.org;Bavarian Wikipedia;Bavarian;Boarisch
cowikibooks;https://co.wikibooks.org;Corsican Wikibooks;Corsican;Corsu
frwikisource;https://fr.wikisource.org;French Wikisource;French;Fran√ßais
pmswikisource;https://pms.wikisource.org;Piedmontese Wikisource;Piedmontese;Piemont√®is
stwiktionary;https://st.wiktionary.org;Southern Sotho Wiktionary;Southern Sotho;seSotho
bgwikibooks;https://bg.wikibooks.org;Bulgarian Wikibooks;Bulgarian;–ë—ä–ª–≥–∞—Ä—Å–∫–∏
ocwikibooks;https://oc.wikibooks.org;Occitan Wikibooks;Occitan;Occitan
sdwiki;https://sd.wikipedia.org;Sindhi Wikipedia;Sindhi;ÿ≥ŸÜ⁄åŸäÿå ÿ≥ŸÜÿØ⁄æ€å ÿå ‡§∏‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§ß
glwikisource;https://gl.wikisource.org;Galician Wikisource;Galician;Galego
swwikibooks;https://sw.wikibooks.org;Swahili Wikibooks;Swahili;Kiswahili
siwiktionary;https://si.wiktionary.org;Sinhalese Wiktionary;Sinhalese;‡∑É‡∑í‡∂Ç‡∑Ñ‡∂Ω
eowikinews;https://eo.wikinews.org;Esperanto Wikinews;Esperanto;Esperanto
nowikibooks;https://no.wikibooks.org;Norwegian (Bokm√•l) Wikibooks;Norwegian (Bokm√•l);Norsk (Bokm√•l)
trwikinews;https://tr.wikinews.org;Turkish Wikinews;Turkish;T√ºrk√ße
miwiktionary;https://mi.wiktionary.org;Maori Wiktionary;Maori;MƒÅori
mtwiktionary;https://mt.wiktionary.org;Maltese Wiktionary;Maltese;bil-Malti
ukwikivoyage;https://uk.wikivoyage.org;Ukrainian Wikivoyage;Ukrainian;–£–∫—Ä–∞—ó–Ω—Å—å–∫–∞
knwiktionary;https://kn.wiktionary.org;Kannada Wiktionary;Kannada;‡≤ï‡≤®‡≥ç‡≤®‡≤°
enwiktionary;https://en.wiktionary.org;English Wiktionary;English;English
mkwiki;https://mk.wikipedia.org;Macedonian Wikipedia;Macedonian;–ú–∞–∫–µ–¥–æ–Ω—Å–∫–∏
bclwiktionary;https://bcl.wiktionary.org;Central Bicolano Wiktionary;Central Bicolano;Bikol
biwiki;https://bi.wikipedia.org;Bislama Wikipedia;Bislama;Bislama
xhwiktionary;https://xh.wiktionary.org;Xhosan Wiktionary;Xhosan;isiXhosa
trwikimedia;https://tr.wikimedia.org;Turkish Wikimedia;Turkish;T√ºrk√ße
nawikiquote;https://na.wikiquote.org;Nauruan Wikiquote;Nauruan;dorerin Naoero
fiwikinews;https://fi.wikinews.org;Finnish Wikinews;Finnish;Suomi
simplewikiquote;https://simple.wikiquote.org;Simple English Wikiquote;Simple English;Simple English
tewiktionary;https://te.wiktionary.org;Telugu Wiktionary;Telugu;‡∞§‡±Ü‡∞≤‡±Å‡∞ó‡±Å
hrwikibooks;https://hr.wikibooks.org;Croatian Wikibooks;Croatian;Hrvatski
ngwiki;https://ng.wikipedia.org;Ndonga Wikipedia;Ndonga;Oshiwambo
wikimania2010wiki;https://wikimania2010.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2010 Wiki;English;English
nostalgiawiki;https://nostalgia.wikipedia.org;English Wikipedia Nostalgia;English;English
bewikiquote;https://be.wikiquote.org;Belarusian Wikiquote;Belarusian;–ë–µ–ª–∞—Ä—É—Å–∫–∞—è
gurwiki;https://gur.wikipedia.org;Guren…õ Wikipedia;Guren…õ;Guren…õ
kywiktionary;https://ky.wiktionary.org;Kirghiz Wiktionary;Kirghiz;Kƒ±rgƒ±zca
elwiktionary;https://el.wiktionary.org;Greek Wiktionary;Greek;ŒïŒªŒªŒ∑ŒΩŒπŒ∫Œ¨
ckbwiktionary;https://ckb.wiktionary.org;Sorani Wiktionary;Sorani;Soran√Æ / ⁄©Ÿàÿ±ÿØ€å
miwikibooks;https://mi.wikibooks.org;Maori Wikibooks;Maori;MƒÅori
yiwiktionary;https://yi.wiktionary.org;Yiddish Wiktionary;Yiddish;◊ô◊ô÷¥◊ì◊ô◊©
grwikimedia;https://gr.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Greece;Greek;ŒïŒªŒªŒ∑ŒΩŒπŒ∫Œ¨
bswiktionary;https://bs.wiktionary.org;Bosnian Wiktionary;Bosnian;Bosanski
cawiktionary;https://ca.wiktionary.org;Catalan Wiktionary;Catalan;Catal√†
iawiktionary;https://ia.wiktionary.org;Interlingua Wiktionary;Interlingua;Interlingua
mdfwiki;https://mdf.wikipedia.org;Moksha Wikipedia;Moksha;–ú–æ–∫—à–µ–Ω—å (Mokshanj K√§lj)
mnwwiki;https://mnw.wikipedia.org;Mon Wikipedia;Mon;·Äò·Ä¨·Äû·Ä¨ ·Äô·Äî·Ä∫
gnwikibooks;https://gn.wikibooks.org;Guarani Wikibooks;Guarani;Ava√±e'·∫Ω
sqwikiquote;https://sq.wikiquote.org;Albanian Wikiquote;Albanian;Shqip
hrwiktionary;https://hr.wiktionary.org;Croatian Wiktionary;Croatian;Hrvatski
cswikiquote;https://cs.wikiquote.org;Czech Wikiquote;Czech;ƒåesk√°
cywiki;https://cy.wikipedia.org;Welsh Wikipedia;Welsh;Cymraeg
trwiktionary;https://tr.wiktionary.org;Turkish Wiktionary;Turkish;T√ºrk√ße
brwiktionary;https://br.wiktionary.org;Breton Wiktionary;Breton;Brezhoneg
koiwiki;https://koi.wikipedia.org;Komi-Permyak Wikipedia;Komi-Permyak;–ü–µ—Ä–µ–º –ö–æ–º–∏ (Perem Komi)
viwikivoyage;https://vi.wikivoyage.org;Vietnamese Wikivoyage;Vietnamese;Ti·∫øng Vi·ªát
krwikiquote;https://kr.wikiquote.org;Kanuri Wikiquote;Kanuri;Kanuri
btmwiktionary;https://btm.wiktionary.org;Mandailing Wiktionary;Mandailing;Saro Mandailing
swwiktionary;https://sw.wiktionary.org;Swahili Wiktionary;Swahili;Kiswahili
lawikisource;https://la.wikisource.org;Latin Wikisource;Latin;Latina
knwikiquote;https://kn.wikiquote.org;Kannada Wikiquote;Kannada;‡≤ï‡≤®‡≥ç‡≤®‡≤°
mgwiki;https://mg.wikipedia.org;Malagasy Wikipedia;Malagasy;Malagasy
fawikisource;https://fa.wikisource.org;Persian Wikisource;Persian;ŸÅÿßÿ±ÿ≥€å
nawiki;https://na.wikipedia.org;Nauruan Wikipedia;Nauruan;dorerin Naoero
scnwiktionary;https://scn.wiktionary.org;Sicilian Wiktionary;Sicilian;Sicilianu
kkwiktionary;https://kk.wiktionary.org;Kazakh Wiktionary;Kazakh;“õ–∞–∑–∞“õ—à–∞
commonswiki;https://commons.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Commons;All;All
astwiki;https://ast.wikipedia.org;Asturian Wikipedia;Asturian;Asturianu
banwiki;https://ban.wikipedia.org;Balinese Wikipedia;Balinese;Bali
jvwikisource;https://jv.wikisource.org;Javanese Wikisource;Javanese;Basa Jawa
rwwiki;https://rw.wikipedia.org;Kinyarwanda Wikipedia;Kinyarwanda;Ikinyarwanda
frwikinews;https://fr.wikinews.org;French Wikinews;French;Fran√ßais
ruwikibooks;https://ru.wikibooks.org;Russian Wikibooks;Russian;–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π
roa_rupwiki;https://roa-rup.wikipedia.org;Aromanian Wikipedia;Aromanian;Arm√£neashce
dtywiki;https://dty.wikipedia.org;Doteli Wikipedia;Doteli;‡§°‡•ã‡§ü‡•á‡§≤‡•Ä
incubatorwiki;https://incubator.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Incubator;All;All
bmwikibooks;https://bm.wikibooks.org;Bambara Wikibooks;Bambara;Bamanankan
hywikisource;https://hy.wikisource.org;Armenian Wikisource;Armenian;’Ä’°’µ’•÷Ä’•’∂
wikimania2016wiki;https://wikimania2016.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2016 Wiki;English;English
glwiki;https://gl.wikipedia.org;Galician Wikipedia;Galician;Galego
kmwiktionary;https://km.wiktionary.org;Cambodian Wiktionary;Cambodian;·ûó·û∂·ûü·û∂·ûÅ·üí·ûò·üÇ·ûö
suwiktionary;https://su.wiktionary.org;Sundanese Wiktionary;Sundanese;Basa Sunda
votewiki;https://vote.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Vote;All;All
amwiki;https://am.wikipedia.org;Amharic Wikipedia;Amharic;·ä†·àõ·à≠·äõ
liwiktionary;https://li.wiktionary.org;Limburgish Wiktionary;Limburgish;Limburgs
quwiki;https://qu.wikipedia.org;Quechua Wikipedia;Quechua;Runa Simi
tlywiki;https://tly.wikipedia.org;Talysh Wikipedia;Talysh;Tolƒ±≈ü…ô zƒ±von
hywwiki;https://hyw.wikipedia.org;Western Armenian Wikipedia;Western Armenian;‘±÷Ä’•÷Ç’¥’ø’°’∞’°’µ’•÷Ä’ß’∂
srnwiki;https://srn.wikipedia.org;Sranan Wikipedia;Sranan;Sranantongo
fiwiktionary;https://fi.wiktionary.org;Finnish Wiktionary;Finnish;Suomi
suwikiquote;https://su.wikiquote.org;Sundanese Wikiquote;Sundanese;Basa Sunda
ttwiktionary;https://tt.wiktionary.org;Tatar Wiktionary;Tatar;Tatar√ßa / –¢–∞—Ç–∞—Ä—á–∞
mhwiktionary;https://mh.wiktionary.org;Marshallese Wiktionary;Marshallese;Ebon
guwiktionary;https://gu.wiktionary.org;Gujarati Wiktionary;Gujarati;‡™ó‡´Å‡™ú‡™∞‡™æ‡™§‡´Ä
shwiktionary;https://sh.wiktionary.org;Serbo-Croatian Wiktionary;Serbo-Croatian;Srpskohrvatski / –°—Ä–ø—Å–∫–æ—Ö—Ä–≤–∞—Ç—Å–∫–∏
bowiki;https://bo.wikipedia.org;Tibetan Wikipedia;Tibetan;‡Ωñ‡Ωº‡Ωë‡ºã‡Ω¶‡æê‡Ωë
wikimania2014wiki;https://wikimania2014.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2014 Wiki;English;English
alswiki;https://als.wikipedia.org;Alemannic Wikipedia;Alemannic;Alemannisch
angwikisource;https://ang.wikisource.org;Anglo-Saxon Wikisource;Anglo-Saxon;Englisc
cbk_zamwiki;https://cbk-zam.wikipedia.org;Zamboanga Chavacano Wikipedia;Zamboanga Chavacano;Chavacano de Zamboanga
mediawikiwiki;https://www.mediawiki.org;Mediawiki Wiki;All;All
bswikibooks;https://bs.wikibooks.org;Bosnian Wikibooks;Bosnian;Bosanski
itwiki;https://it.wikipedia.org;Italian Wikipedia;Italian;Italiano
avwiktionary;https://av.wiktionary.org;Avar Wiktionary;Avar;–ê–≤–∞—Ä
vowiktionary;https://vo.wiktionary.org;Volap√ºk Wiktionary;Volap√ºk;Volap√ºk
ocwiktionary;https://oc.wiktionary.org;Occitan Wiktionary;Occitan;Occitan
cuwiki;https://cu.wikipedia.org;Old Church Slavonic Wikipedia;Old Church Slavonic;–°–ª–æ–≤—£–Ω—å—Å–∫—ä
akwiki;https://ak.wikipedia.org;Akan Wikipedia;Akan;Akana
pswiki;https://ps.wikipedia.org;Pashto Wikipedia;Pashto;Ÿæ⁄öÿ™Ÿà
tpiwiktionary;https://tpi.wiktionary.org;Tok Pisin Wiktionary;Tok Pisin;Tok Pisin
tswiktionary;https://ts.wiktionary.org;Tsonga Wiktionary;Tsonga;Xitsonga
nlwikisource;https://nl.wikisource.org;Dutch Wikisource;Dutch;Nederlands
fjwiktionary;https://fj.wiktionary.org;Fijian Wiktionary;Fijian;Na Vosa Vakaviti
jvwiki;https://jv.wikipedia.org;Javanese Wikipedia;Javanese;Basa Jawa
sgwiktionary;https://sg.wiktionary.org;Sango Wiktionary;Sango;S√§ng√∂
cawikinews;https://ca.wikinews.org;Catalan Wikinews;Catalan;Catal√†
gvwiktionary;https://gv.wiktionary.org;Manx Wiktionary;Manx;Gaelg
mgwiktionary;https://mg.wiktionary.org;Malagasy Wiktionary;Malagasy;Malagasy
newiki;https://ne.wikipedia.org;Nepali Wikipedia;Nepali;‡§®‡•á‡§™‡§æ‡§≤‡•Ä
svwiktionary;https://sv.wiktionary.org;Swedish Wiktionary;Swedish;Svenska
nahwikibooks;https://nah.wikibooks.org;Nahuatl Wikibooks;Nahuatl;Nahuatl
awawiki;https://awa.wikipedia.org;Awadhi Wikipedia;Awadhi;·É•·Éê·É†·Éó·É£·Éö·Éò
bclwikiquote;https://bcl.wikiquote.org;Central Bicolano Wikiquote;Central Bicolano;Bikol
zhwikiversity;https://zh.wikiversity.org;Chinese Wikiversity;Chinese;‰∏≠Êñá
simplewiki;https://simple.wikipedia.org;Simple English Wikipedia;Simple English;Simple English
omwiki;https://om.wikipedia.org;Oromo Wikipedia;Oromo;Oromoo
eswikisource;https://es.wikisource.org;Spanish Wikisource;Spanish;Espa√±ol
cowikiquote;https://co.wikiquote.org;Corsican Wikiquote;Corsican;Corsu
bewiktionary;https://be.wiktionary.org;Belarusian Wiktionary;Belarusian;–ë–µ–ª–∞—Ä—É—Å–∫–∞—è
testwiki;https://test.wikipedia.org;Wikipedia Test Wiki;All;All
nahwiki;https://nah.wikipedia.org;Nahuatl Wikipedia;Nahuatl;NƒÅhuatl
newikibooks;https://ne.wikibooks.org;Nepali Wikibooks;Nepali;‡§®‡•á‡§™‡§æ‡§≤‡•Ä
bswiki;https://bs.wikipedia.org;Bosnian Wikipedia;Bosnian;Bosanski
klwiktionary;https://kl.wiktionary.org;Greenlandic Wiktionary;Greenlandic;Kalaallisut
simplewikibooks;https://simple.wikibooks.org;Simple English Wikibooks;Simple English;Simple English
wikimania2012wiki;https://wikimania2012.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2012 Wiki;English;English
hewiktionary;https://he.wiktionary.org;Hebrew Wiktionary;Hebrew;◊¢◊ë◊®◊ô◊™
newiktionary;https://ne.wiktionary.org;Nepali Wiktionary;Nepali;‡§®‡•á‡§™‡§æ‡§≤‡•Ä
quwikibooks;https://qu.wikibooks.org;Quechua Wikibooks;Quechua;Runa Simi
sourceswiki;https://wikisource.org;Wikisource Meta;All;All
mrjwiki;https://mrj.wikipedia.org;Hill Mari Wikipedia;Hill Mari;–ö—ã—Ä—ã–∫ –ú–∞—Ä—ã (Kyryk Mary)
trvwiki;https://trv.wikipedia.org;Seediq Wikipedia;Seediq;Kari Seediq
nowikimedia;https://no.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Norway (Norge);Norwegian;Norsk
dsbwiki;https://dsb.wikipedia.org;Lower Sorbian Wikipedia;Lower Sorbian;Dolnoserbski
bdwikimedia;https://bd.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Bangladesh;Bengali;‡¶¨‡¶æ‡¶Ç‡¶≤‡¶æ
dvwiki;https://dv.wikipedia.org;Divehi Wikipedia;Divehi;ﬁãﬁ®ﬁàﬁ¨ﬁÄﬁ®ﬁÑﬁ¶ﬁêﬁ∞
amwiktionary;https://am.wiktionary.org;Amharic Wiktionary;Amharic;·ä†·àõ·à≠·äõ
scnwiki;https://scn.wikipedia.org;Sicilian Wikipedia;Sicilian;Sicilianu
kuwikiquote;https://ku.wikiquote.org;Kurdish Wikiquote;Kurdish;Kurd√Æ / ŸÉŸàÿ±ÿØ€å
plwikivoyage;https://pl.wikivoyage.org;Polish Wikivoyage;Polish;Polski
vowikibooks;https://vo.wikibooks.org;Volap√ºk Wikibooks;Volap√ºk;Volap√ºk
zhwiktionary;https://zh.wiktionary.org;Chinese Wiktionary;Chinese;‰∏≠Êñá
eowikisource;https://eo.wikisource.org;Esperanto Wikisource;Esperanto;Esperanto
wikifunctionswiki;https://www.wikifunctions.org;Wikifunctions;All;All
smwiktionary;https://sm.wiktionary.org;Samoan Wiktionary;Samoan;Gagana Samoa
bugwiki;https://bug.wikipedia.org;Buginese Wikipedia;Buginese;Basa Ugi
anpwiki;https://anp.wikipedia.org;Angika Wikipedia;Angika;‡§Ö‡§Ç‡§ó‡§ø‡§ï‡§æ
itwikiversity;https://it.wikiversity.org;Italian Wikiversity;Italian;Italiano
lezwiki;https://lez.wikipedia.org;Lezgian Wikipedia;Lezgian;√ê‚Ä∫√ê¬µ√ê¬∑√ê¬≥√ê¬∏ √ë‚Ä°√ê‚Ä†√ê¬∞√ê¬ª
cswikibooks;https://cs.wikibooks.org;Czech Wikibooks;Czech;ƒåe≈°tina
jawikiversity;https://ja.wikiversity.org;Japanese Wikiversity;Japanese;Êó•Êú¨Ë™û
kgwiki;https://kg.wikipedia.org;Kongo Wikipedia;Kongo;KiKongo
mlwikibooks;https://ml.wikibooks.org;Malayalam Wikibooks;Malayalam;‡¥Æ‡¥≤‡¥Ø‡¥æ‡¥≥‡¥Ç
brwikiquote;https://br.wikiquote.org;Breton Wikiquote;Breton;Brezhoneg
kawikiquote;https://ka.wikiquote.org;Georgian Wikiquote;Georgian;·É•·Éê·É†·Éó·É£·Éö·Éò
suwiki;https://su.wikipedia.org;Sundanese Wikipedia;Sundanese;Basa Sunda
uzwikibooks;https://uz.wikibooks.org;Uzbek Wikibooks;Uzbek;O‚Äòzbek
lbwikibooks;https://lb.wikibooks.org;Luxembourgish Wikibooks;Luxembourgish;L√´tzebuergesch
thwiktionary;https://th.wiktionary.org;Thai Wiktionary;Thai;‡πÑ‡∏ó‡∏¢
wikimania2018wiki;https://wikimania2018.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2018 Wiki;English;English
bhwiktionary;https://bh.wiktionary.org;Bihari Wiktionary;Bihari;‡§≠‡•ã‡§ú‡§™‡•Å‡§∞‡•Ä
kabwiki;https://kab.wikipedia.org;Kabyle Wikipedia;Kabyle;Taqbaylit
hewikibooks;https://he.wikibooks.org;Hebrew Wikibooks;Hebrew;◊¢◊ë◊®◊ô◊™
aawikibooks;https://aa.wikibooks.org;Afar Wikibooks;Afar;Afar
hawwiki;https://haw.wikipedia.org;Hawaiian Wikipedia;Hawaiian;Hawai`i
ckbwiki;https://ckb.wikipedia.org;Sorani Wikipedia;Sorani;Soran√Æ / ⁄©Ÿàÿ±ÿØ€å
knwikibooks;https://kn.wikibooks.org;Kannada Wikibooks;Kannada;‡≤ï‡≤®‡≥ç‡≤®‡≤°
pswikibooks;https://ps.wikibooks.org;Pashto Wikibooks;Pashto;Ÿæ⁄öÿ™Ÿà
stwiki;https://st.wikipedia.org;Sesotho Wikipedia;Sesotho;Sesotho
ptwikisource;https://pt.wikisource.org;Portuguese Wikisource;Portuguese;Portugu√™s
wikimania2017wiki;https://wikimania2017.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2017 Wiki;English;English
shnwikivoyage;https://shn.wikivoyage.org;Shan Wikivoyage;Shan;·Åµ·ÇÇ·Å¢·Äô·Ä∫·Ä∏·Äê·ÇÜ·Ä∏·Äú·Ä∞·ÄÑ·Ä∫
iewiktionary;https://ie.wiktionary.org;Interlingue Wiktionary;Interlingue;Interlingue
crwiktionary;https://cr.wiktionary.org;Cree Wiktionary;Cree;Nehiyaw
elwiki;https://el.wikipedia.org;Greek Wikipedia;Greek;ŒïŒªŒªŒ∑ŒΩŒπŒ∫Œ¨
frwiktionary;https://fr.wiktionary.org;French Wiktionary;French;Fran√ßais
urwiktionary;https://ur.wiktionary.org;Urdu Wiktionary;Urdu;ÿßÿ±ÿØŸà
orwiktionary;https://or.wiktionary.org;Oriya Wiktionary;Oriya;‡¨ì‡≠ú‡¨ø‡¨Ü
azwiktionary;https://az.wiktionary.org;Azerbaijani Wiktionary;Azerbaijani;Az…ôrbaycanca
mywiki;https://my.wikipedia.org;Burmese Wikipedia;Burmese;·Äô·Äº·Äî·Ä∫·Äô·Ä¨·Äò·Ä¨·Äû·Ä¨
hiwikivoyage;https://hi.wikivoyage.org;Hindi Wikivoyage;Hindi;‡§π‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§¶‡•Ä
plwiki;https://pl.wikipedia.org;Polish Wikipedia;Polish;Polski
punjabiwikimedia;https://punjabi.wikimedia.org;Punjabi Wikimedia;Punjabi;‡®™‡©∞‡®ú‡®æ‡®¨‡©Ä
zh_min_nanwiktionary;https://zh-min-nan.wiktionary.org;Min Nan Wiktionary;Min Nan;B√¢n-l√¢m-g√∫
sawiki;https://sa.wikipedia.org;Sanskrit Wikipedia;Sanskrit;‡§∏‡§Ç‡§∏‡•ç‡§ï‡•É‡§§‡§Æ‡•ç
dzwiktionary;https://dz.wiktionary.org;Dzongkha Wiktionary;Dzongkha;‡Ωá‡Ωº‡ΩÑ‡ºã‡ΩÅ
xhwiki;https://xh.wikipedia.org;Xhosa Wikipedia;Xhosa;isiXhosa
nawikibooks;https://na.wikibooks.org;Nauruan Wikibooks;Nauruan;Ekakair≈© Naoero
lfnwiki;https://lfn.wikipedia.org;Lingua Franca Nova 2 Wikipedia;Lingua Franca Nova 2;Lingua Franca Nova 2
ptwikibooks;https://pt.wikibooks.org;Portuguese Wikibooks;Portuguese;Portugu√™s
bjnwiktionary;https://bjn.wiktionary.org;Banjar Wiktionary;Banjar;Bahasa Banjar
kmwikibooks;https://km.wikibooks.org;Khmer Wikibooks;Khmer;·ûó·û∂·ûü·û∂·ûÅ·üí·ûò·üÇ·ûö
betawikiversity;https://beta.wikiversity.org;Multilingual Wikiversity;Multilingual;
eswikibooks;https://es.wikibooks.org;Spanish Wikibooks;Spanish;Espa√±ol
hywikibooks;https://hy.wikibooks.org;Armenian Wikibooks;Armenian;’Ä’°’µ’•÷Ä’•’∂
urwiki;https://ur.wikipedia.org;Urdu Wikipedia;Urdu;ÿßÿ±ÿØŸà
yowiki;https://yo.wikipedia.org;Yoruba Wikipedia;Yoruba;Yor√πb√°
minwiktionary;https://min.wiktionary.org;Minangkabau Wiktionary;Minangkabau;Baso Minangkabau
svwiki;https://sv.wikipedia.org;Swedish Wikipedia;Swedish;Svenska
ukwikinews;https://uk.wikinews.org;Ukrainian Wikinews;Ukrainian;–£–∫—Ä–∞—ó–Ω—Å—å–∫–∞
chowiki;https://cho.wikipedia.org;Choctaw Wikipedia;Choctaw;Choctaw
igwiki;https://ig.wikipedia.org;Igbo Wikipedia;Igbo;Igbo
atjwiki;https://atj.wikipedia.org;Atikamekw Wikipedia;Atikamekw;Atikamekw Nehiromowin
inhwiki;https://inh.wikipedia.org;Ingush Wikipedia;Ingush;–ì”Ä–∞–ª–≥”Ä–∞–π
gorwiktionary;https://gor.wiktionary.org;Gorontalo Wiktionary;Gorontalo;Hulontalo
kaawiki;https://kaa.wikipedia.org;Karakalpak Wikipedia;Karakalpak;Qaraqalpaqsha
lawikibooks;https://la.wikibooks.org;Latin Wikibooks;Latin;Latina
bswikiquote;https://bs.wikiquote.org;Bosnian Wikiquote;Bosnian;Bosanski
hrwiki;https://hr.wikipedia.org;Croatian Wikipedia;Croatian;Hrvatski
tkwiki;https://tk.wikipedia.org;Turkmen Wikipedia;Turkmen;ÿ™ÿ±ŸÉŸÖŸÜ / –¢—É—Ä–∫–º–µ–Ω
mrwikiquote;https://mr.wikiquote.org;Marathi Wikiquote;Marathi;‡§Æ‡§∞‡§æ‡§†‡•Ä
cswikinews;https://cs.wikinews.org;Czech Wikinews;Czech;ƒåe≈°tina
htwiki;https://ht.wikipedia.org;Haitian Wikipedia;Haitian;Kr√®yol ayisyen
pcmwiki;https://pcm.wikipedia.org;Nigerian Pidgin Wikipedia;Nigerian Pidgin;Naija
rowikivoyage;https://ro.wikivoyage.org;Romanian Wikivoyage;Romanian;Rom√¢nƒÉ
cywikisource;https://cy.wikisource.org;Welsh Wikisource;Welsh;Cymraeg
bewikimedia;https://be.wikimedia.org;Belarusian Wikimedia;Belarusian;–ë–µ–ª–∞—Ä—É—Å–∫–∞—è
jawikivoyage;https://ja.wikivoyage.org;Japanese Wikivoyage;Japanese;Êó•Êú¨Ë™û
szywiki;https://szy.wikipedia.org;Sakizaya Wikipedia;Sakizaya;Sakizaya
muswiki;https://mus.wikipedia.org;Muscogee Wikipedia;Muscogee;Muskogee
idwikiquote;https://id.wikiquote.org;Indonesian Wikiquote;Indonesian;Bahasa Indonesia
pihwiki;https://pih.wikipedia.org;Norfolk Wikipedia;Norfolk;Norfuk
thankyouwiki;https://thankyou.wikipedia.org;Thank You Wiki;All;All
aswikibooks;https://as.wikibooks.org;Assamese Wikibooks;Assamese;‡¶Ö‡¶∏‡¶Æ‡ßÄ‡ßü‡¶æ
tewikiquote;https://te.wikiquote.org;Telugu Wikiquote;Telugu;‡∞§‡±Ü‡∞≤‡±Å‡∞ó‡±Å
cowikimedia;https://co.wikimedia.org;Corsican Wikimedia;Corsican;Corsu
huwiktionary;https://hu.wiktionary.org;Hungarian Wiktionary;Hungarian;Magyar
thwiki;https://th.wikipedia.org;Thai Wikipedia;Thai;‡πÑ‡∏ó‡∏¢
euwiktionary;https://eu.wiktionary.org;Basque Wiktionary;Basque;Euskara
crhwiki;https://crh.wikipedia.org;Crimean Tatar Wikipedia;Crimean Tatar;Qƒ±rƒ±mtatarca
kuwiktionary;https://ku.wiktionary.org;Kurdish Wiktionary;Kurdish;Kurd√Æ / ŸÉŸàÿ±ÿØ€å
ocwiki;https://oc.wikipedia.org;Occitan Wikipedia;Occitan;Occitan
lvwikibooks;https://lv.wikibooks.org;Latvian Wikibooks;Latvian;Latvie≈°u
nnwiki;https://nn.wikipedia.org;Norwegian (Nynorsk) Wikipedia;Norwegian (Nynorsk);Nynorsk
huwiki;https://hu.wikipedia.org;Hungarian Wikipedia;Hungarian;Magyar
nowiki;https://no.wikipedia.org;Norwegian (Bokm√•l) Wikipedia;Norwegian (Bokm√•l);Norsk (Bokm√•l)
eswikinews;https://es.wikinews.org;Spanish Wikinews;Spanish;Espa√±ol
fiwikibooks;https://fi.wikibooks.org;Finnish Wikibooks;Finnish;Suomi
cnwikimedia;https://cn.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia China;Chinese;‰∏≠Êñá
fiu_vrowiki;https://fiu-vro.wikipedia.org;V√µro Wikipedia;V√µro;V√µro
mkwikibooks;https://mk.wikibooks.org;Macedonian Wikibooks;Macedonian;–ú–∞–∫–µ–¥–æ–Ω—Å–∫–∏
sewikibooks;https://se.wikibooks.org;Northern Sami Wikibooks;Northern Sami;S√°megiella
tiwiki;https://ti.wikipedia.org;Tigrinya Wikipedia;Tigrinya;·âµ·åç·à≠·äõ
zuwiktionary;https://zu.wiktionary.org;Zulu Wiktionary;Zulu;isiZulu
biwikibooks;https://bi.wikibooks.org;Bislama Wikibooks;Bislama;Bislama
dawiki;https://da.wikipedia.org;Danish Wikipedia;Danish;Dansk
swwiki;https://sw.wikipedia.org;Swahili Wikipedia;Swahili;Kiswahili
tetwiki;https://tet.wikipedia.org;Tetum Wikipedia;Tetum;Tetun
abwiktionary;https://ab.wiktionary.org;Abkhazian Wiktionary;Abkhazian;–ê“ß—Å—É–∞
cowiki;https://co.wikipedia.org;Corsican Wikipedia;Corsican;Corsu
scowiki;https://sco.wikipedia.org;Scots Wikipedia;Scots;Scots
zeawiki;https://zea.wikipedia.org;Zeelandic Wikipedia;Zeelandic;Ze√™uws
iiwiki;https://ii.wikipedia.org;Sichuan Yi Wikipedia;Sichuan Yi;ÍÜáÍâô
pdcwiki;https://pdc.wikipedia.org;Pennsylvania German Wikipedia;Pennsylvania German;Deitsch
guwwikinews;https://guw.wikinews.org;Gun Wikinews;Gun;Gungb√®
dewikisource;https://de.wikisource.org;German Wikisource;German;Deutsch
quwiktionary;https://qu.wiktionary.org;Quechua Wiktionary;Quechua;Runa Simi
cywikiquote;https://cy.wikiquote.org;Welsh Wikiquote;Welsh;Cymraeg
ruwikiversity;https://ru.wikiversity.org;Russian Wikiversity;Russian;–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π
lnwiktionary;https://ln.wiktionary.org;Lingala Wiktionary;Lingala;Lingala
ltwikibooks;https://lt.wikibooks.org;Lithuanian Wikibooks;Lithuanian;Lietuvi≈≥
frwiki;https://fr.wikipedia.org;French Wikipedia;French;Fran√ßais
pamwiki;https://pam.wikipedia.org;Kapampangan Wikipedia;Kapampangan;Kapampangan
azwikiquote;https://az.wikiquote.org;Azerbaijani Wikiquote;Azerbaijani;Az…ôrbaycanca
gucwiki;https://guc.wikipedia.org;Wayuu Wikipedia;Wayuu;wayuunaiki
bawiki;https://ba.wikipedia.org;Bashkir Wikipedia;Bashkir;–ë–∞—à“°–æ—Ä—Ç
bswikinews;https://bs.wikinews.org;Bosnian Wikinews;Bosnian;Bosanski
itwikiquote;https://it.wikiquote.org;Italian Wikiquote;Italian;Italiano
jamwiki;https://jam.wikipedia.org;Jamaican Wikipedia;Jamaican;Patois
viwikisource;https://vi.wikisource.org;Vietnamese Wikisource;Vietnamese;Ti·∫øng Vi·ªát
rnwiki;https://rn.wikipedia.org;Kirundi Wikipedia;Kirundi;Kirundi
zhwiki;https://zh.wikipedia.org;Chinese Wikipedia;Chinese;‰∏≠Êñá
zh_min_nanwiki;https://zh-min-nan.wikipedia.org;Min Nan Wikipedia;Min Nan;B√¢n-l√¢m-g√∫
amiwiki;https://ami.wikipedia.org;Amis Wikipedia;Amis;Pangcah / 'Amis
vecwikisource;https://vec.wikisource.org;Venetian Wikisource;Venetian;V√®neto
wikidatawiki;https://www.wikidata.org;Wikidata;All;All
rnwiktionary;https://rn.wiktionary.org;Kirundi Wiktionary;Kirundi;Kirundi
etwikibooks;https://et.wikibooks.org;Estonian Wikibooks;Estonian;Eesti
ukwikiquote;https://uk.wikiquote.org;Ukrainian Wikiquote;Ukrainian;–£–∫—Ä–∞—ó–Ω—Å—å–∫–∞
kkwikibooks;https://kk.wikibooks.org;Kazakh Wikibooks;Kazakh;“õ–∞–∑–∞“õ—à–∞
jawikibooks;https://ja.wikibooks.org;Japanese Wikibooks;Japanese;Êó•Êú¨Ë™û
taywiki;https://tay.wikipedia.org;Atayal Wikipedia;Atayal;Tayal
huwikinews;https://hu.wikinews.org;Hungarian Wikinews;Hungarian;Magyar
enwiki;https://en.wikipedia.org;English Wikipedia;English;English
guwikiquote;https://gu.wikiquote.org;Gujarati Wikiquote;Gujarati;‡™ó‡´Å‡™ú‡™∞‡™æ‡™§‡´Ä
yiwikisource;https://yi.wikisource.org;Yiddish Wikisource;Yiddish;◊ô◊ô÷¥◊ì◊ô◊©
ltwiktionary;https://lt.wiktionary.org;Lithuanian Wiktionary;Lithuanian;Lietuvi≈≥
nlwikimedia;https://nl.wikimedia.org;Dutch Wikimedia;Dutch;Nederlands
rowikibooks;https://ro.wikibooks.org;Romanian Wikibooks;Romanian;Rom√¢nƒÉ
tlwiki;https://tl.wikipedia.org;Tagalog Wikipedia;Tagalog;Tagalog
hawiki;https://ha.wikipedia.org;Hausa Wikipedia;Hausa;ŸáŸéŸàŸèÿ≥Ÿé
thwikinews;https://th.wikinews.org;Thai Wikinews;Thai;‡πÑ‡∏ó‡∏¢
itwiktionary;https://it.wiktionary.org;Italian Wiktionary;Italian;Italiano
arwikimedia;https://ar.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Argentina;Spanish;Espa√±ol
cdowiki;https://cdo.wikipedia.org;Min Dong Wikipedia;Min Dong;M√¨ng-dƒïÃ§ng-ng·π≥ÃÑ
kowikibooks;https://ko.wikibooks.org;Korean Wikibooks;Korean;ÌïúÍµ≠Ïñ¥
sswiki;https://ss.wikipedia.org;Swati Wikipedia;Swati;SiSwati
angwikiquote;https://ang.wikiquote.org;Anglo-Saxon Wikiquote;Anglo-Saxon;Englisc
ruwikisource;https://ru.wikisource.org;Russian Wikisource;Russian;–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π
wawikibooks;https://wa.wikibooks.org;Walloon Wikibooks;Walloon;Walon
siwikibooks;https://si.wikibooks.org;Sinhalese Wikibooks;Sinhalese;‡∑É‡∑í‡∂Ç‡∑Ñ‡∂Ω
dewiki;https://de.wikipedia.org;German Wikipedia;German;Deutsch
iewiki;https://ie.wikipedia.org;Interlingue Wikipedia;Interlingue;Interlingue
sqwiktionary;https://sq.wiktionary.org;Albanian Wiktionary;Albanian;Shqip
pawikibooks;https://pa.wikibooks.org;Punjabi Wikibooks;Punjabi;‡®™‡©∞‡®ú‡®æ‡®¨‡©Ä
fywikibooks;https://fy.wikibooks.org;West Frisian Wikibooks;West Frisian;Frysk
hewikivoyage;https://he.wikivoyage.org;Hebrew Wikivoyage;Hebrew;◊¢◊ë◊®◊ô◊™
trwikivoyage;https://tr.wikivoyage.org;Turkish Wikivoyage;Turkish;T√ºrk√ße
cawikibooks;https://ca.wikibooks.org;Catalan Wikibooks;Catalan;Catal√†
igwiktionary;https://ig.wiktionary.org;Igbo Wiktionary;Igbo;Igbo
slwikiquote;https://sl.wikiquote.org;Slovenian Wikiquote;Slovenian;Sloven≈°ƒçina
udmwiki;https://udm.wikipedia.org;Udmurt Wikipedia;Udmurt;–£–¥–º—É—Ä—Ç –∫—ã–ª
zawikiquote;https://za.wikiquote.org;Zhuang Wikiquote;Zhuang;Cuengh
dewikibooks;https://de.wikibooks.org;German Wikibooks;German;Deutsch
bewiki;https://be.wikipedia.org;Belarusian Wikipedia;Belarusian;–ë–µ–ª–∞—Ä—É—Å–∫–∞—è
nlwikiquote;https://nl.wikiquote.org;Dutch Wikiquote;Dutch;Nederlands
enwikinews;https://en.wikinews.org;English Wikinews;English;English
iswikisource;https://is.wikisource.org;Icelandic Wikisource;Icelandic;√çslenska
rmwiki;https://rm.wikipedia.org;Romansh Wikipedia;Romansh;Rumantsch
cswikisource;https://cs.wikisource.org;Czech Wikisource;Czech;ƒåe≈°tina
srwiki;https://sr.wikipedia.org;Serbian Wikipedia;Serbian;–°—Ä–ø—Å–∫–∏ / Srpski
usabilitywiki;https://usability.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Usability Wiki;All;All
adywiki;https://ady.wikipedia.org;Adyghe Wikipedia;Adyghe;–∞–¥—ã–≥–∞–±–∑—ç
mnwikibooks;https://mn.wikibooks.org;Mongolian Wikibooks;Mongolian;–ú–æ–Ω–≥–æ–ª
mhrwiki;https://mhr.wikipedia.org;Meadow Mari Wikipedia;Meadow Mari;–û–ª—ã–∫ –ú–∞—Ä–∏–π (Olyk Marij)
frwikiquote;https://fr.wikiquote.org;French Wikiquote;French;Fran√ßais
ugwiktionary;https://ug.wiktionary.org;Uyghur Wiktionary;Uyghur;ÿ¶€áŸäÿ∫€áÿ± ÿ™ŸâŸÑŸâ
hifwiktionary;https://hif.wiktionary.org;Fiji Hindi Wiktionary;Fiji Hindi;Fiji Hindi
enwikibooks;https://en.wikibooks.org;English Wikibooks;English;English
eowiki;https://eo.wikipedia.org;Esperanto Wikipedia;Esperanto;Esperanto
emlwiki;https://eml.wikipedia.org;Emilian-Romagnol Wikipedia;Emilian-Romagnol;Emili√†n e rumagn√≤l
skwiktionary;https://sk.wiktionary.org;Slovak Wiktionary;Slovak;Slovenƒçina
sqwiki;https://sq.wikipedia.org;Albanian Wikipedia;Albanian;Shqip
zh_min_nanwikibooks;https://zh-min-nan.wikibooks.org;Min Nan Wikibooks;Min Nan;B√¢n-l√¢m-g√∫
skwikibooks;https://sk.wikibooks.org;Slovak Wikibooks;Slovak;Slovenƒçina
twwiktionary;https://tw.wiktionary.org;Twi Wiktionary;Twi;Twi
jawiki;https://ja.wikipedia.org;Japanese Wikipedia;Japanese;Êó•Êú¨Ë™û
avkwiki;https://avk.wikipedia.org;Kotava Wikipedia;Kotava;Kotava
kowikiversity;https://ko.wikiversity.org;Korean Wikiversity;Korean;ÌïúÍµ≠Ïñ¥
thwikiquote;https://th.wikiquote.org;Thai Wikiquote;Thai;‡πÑ‡∏ó‡∏¢
plwikimedia;https://pl.wikimedia.org;Polish Wikimedia;Polish;Polski
krcwiki;https://krc.wikipedia.org;Karachay-Balkar Wikipedia;Karachay-Balkar;–ö—ä–∞—Ä–∞—á–∞–π-–ú–∞–ª–∫—ä–∞—Ä (Qarachay-Malqar)
uawikimedia;https://ua.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Ukraine;Ukrainian;–£–∫—Ä–∞—ó–Ω—Å—å–∫–∞
sdwiktionary;https://sd.wiktionary.org;Sindhi Wiktionary;Sindhi;ÿ≥ŸÜ⁄åŸäÿå ÿ≥ŸÜÿØ⁄æ€å ÿå ‡§∏‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§ß
wawiki;https://wa.wikipedia.org;Walloon Wikipedia;Walloon;Walon
nds_nlwiki;https://nds-nl.wikipedia.org;Dutch Low Saxon Wikipedia;Dutch Low Saxon;Nedersaksisch
liwikiquote;https://li.wikiquote.org;Limburgish Wikiquote;Limburgish;Limburgs
mkwikisource;https://mk.wikisource.org;Macedonian Wikisource;Macedonian;–ú–∞–∫–µ–¥–æ–Ω—Å–∫–∏
skwikisource;https://sk.wikisource.org;Slovak Wikisource;Slovak;Slovenƒçina
mrwikisource;https://mr.wikisource.org;Marathi Wikisource;Marathi;‡§Æ‡§∞‡§æ‡§†‡•Ä
ttwikibooks;https://tt.wikibooks.org;Tatar Wikibooks;Tatar;Tatar√ßa
arwikisource;https://ar.wikisource.org;Arabic Wikisource;Arabic;ÿßŸÑÿπÿ±ÿ®Ÿäÿ©
kshwiki;https://ksh.wikipedia.org;Ripuarian Wikipedia;Ripuarian;Ripoarisch
kawiktionary;https://ka.wiktionary.org;Georgian Wiktionary;Georgian;·É•·Éê·É†·Éó·É£·Éö·Éò
kcgwiktionary;https://kcg.wiktionary.org;Tyap Wiktionary;Tyap;Tyap
nawiktionary;https://na.wiktionary.org;Nauruan Wiktionary;Nauruan;dorerin Naoero
srwikisource;https://sr.wikisource.org;Serbian Wikisource;Serbian;–°—Ä–ø—Å–∫–∏ / Srpski
hiwikiversity;https://hi.wikiversity.org;Hindi Wikiversity;Hindi;‡§π‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§¶‡•Ä
hawiktionary;https://ha.wiktionary.org;Hausa Wiktionary;Hausa;ŸáŸéŸàŸèÿ≥Ÿé
lnwiki;https://ln.wikipedia.org;Lingala Wikipedia;Lingala;Lingala
csbwiktionary;https://csb.wiktionary.org;Kashubian Wiktionary;Kashubian;Kasz√´bsczi
papwiki;https://pap.wikipedia.org;Papiamentu Wikipedia;Papiamentu;Papiamentu
wikimaniawiki;https://wikimania.wikimedia.org;Wikimania Wiki;English;English
kkwiki;https://kk.wikipedia.org;Kazakh Wikipedia;Kazakh;“ö–∞–∑–∞“õ—à–∞
amwikimedia;https://am.wikimedia.org;Amharic Wikimedia;Amharic;·ä†·àõ·à≠·äõ
gdwiktionary;https://gd.wiktionary.org;Scottish Gaelic Wiktionary;Scottish Gaelic;G√†idhlig
kwwiktionary;https://kw.wiktionary.org;Cornish Wiktionary;Cornish;Kernewek/Karnuack
ndswiktionary;https://nds.wiktionary.org;Low Saxon Wiktionary;Low Saxon;Plattd√º√ºtsch
nowikisource;https://no.wikisource.org;Norwegian (Bokm√•l) Wikisource;Norwegian (Bokm√•l);Norsk (Bokm√•l)
kowikisource;https://ko.wikisource.org;Korean Wikisource;Korean;ÌïúÍµ≠Ïñ¥
lowiki;https://lo.wikipedia.org;Lao Wikipedia;Lao;‡∫•‡∫≤‡∫ß
sahwikiquote;https://sah.wikiquote.org;Sakha Wikiquote;Sakha;–°–∞—Ö–∞ —Ç—ã–ª–∞ (Saxa Tyla)
akwiktionary;https://ak.wiktionary.org;Akan Wiktionary;Akan;Akana
kiwiki;https://ki.wikipedia.org;Kikuyu Wikipedia;Kikuyu;Gƒ©k≈©y≈©
eowikibooks;https://eo.wikibooks.org;Esperanto Wikibooks;Esperanto;Esperanto
ganwiki;https://gan.wikipedia.org;Gan Wikipedia;Gan;Ë¥õË™û
kjwiki;https://kj.wikipedia.org;Kuanyama Wikipedia;Kuanyama;Kuanyama
mkwiktionary;https://mk.wiktionary.org;Macedonian Wiktionary;Macedonian;–ú–∞–∫–µ–¥–æ–Ω—Å–∫–∏
specieswiki;https://species.wikimedia.org;Wikispecies;All;All
elwikiversity;https://el.wikiversity.org;Greek Wikiversity;Greek;ŒïŒªŒªŒ∑ŒΩŒπŒ∫Œ¨
trwikibooks;https://tr.wikibooks.org;Turkish Wikibooks;Turkish;T√ºrk√ße
angwikibooks;https://ang.wikibooks.org;Anglo-Saxon Wikibooks;Anglo-Saxon;Englisc
dawikiquote;https://da.wikiquote.org;Danish Wikiquote;Danish;Dansk
ndswikiquote;https://nds.wikiquote.org;Low Saxon Wikiquote;Low Saxon;Plattd√º√ºtsch
tewiki;https://te.wikipedia.org;Telugu Wikipedia;Telugu;‡∞§‡±Ü‡∞≤‡±Å‡∞ó‡±Å
be_x_oldwiki;https://be-tarask.wikipedia.org;Belarusian (Tara≈°kievica) Wikipedia;Belarusian (Tara≈°kievica);–ë–µ–ª–∞—Ä—É—Å–∫–∞—è (—Ç–∞—Ä–∞—à–∫–µ–≤—ñ—Ü–∞)
towiki;https://to.wikipedia.org;Tongan Wikipedia;Tongan;faka Tonga
gawikibooks;https://ga.wikibooks.org;Irish Wikibooks;Irish;Gaeilge
crwiki;https://cr.wikipedia.org;Cree Wikipedia;Cree;Nehiyaw
ladwiki;https://lad.wikipedia.org;Ladino Wikipedia;Ladino;Dzhudezmo
towiktionary;https://to.wiktionary.org;Tongan Wiktionary;Tongan;faka Tonga
azbwiki;https://azb.wikipedia.org;South Azerbaijani Wikipedia;South Azerbaijani;ÿ™€Üÿ±⁄©ÿ¨Ÿá
nowiktionary;https://no.wiktionary.org;Norwegian (Bokm√•l) Wiktionary;Norwegian (Bokm√•l);Norsk (Bokm√•l)
bowiktionary;https://bo.wiktionary.org;Tibetan Wiktionary;Tibetan;Bod skad
plwikisource;https://pl.wikisource.org;Polish Wikisource;Polish;Polski
afwikibooks;https://af.wikibooks.org;Afrikaans Wikibooks;Afrikaans;Afrikaans
idwikimedia;https://id.wikimedia.org;Indonesian Wikimedia;Indonesian;Bahasa Indonesia
igwikiquote;https://ig.wikiquote.org;Igbo Wikiquote;Igbo;Igbo
pswikivoyage;https://ps.wikivoyage.org;Pashto Wikivoyage;Pashto;Ÿæ⁄öÿ™Ÿà
ukwikibooks;https://uk.wikibooks.org;Ukrainian Wikibooks;Ukrainian;–£–∫—Ä–∞—ó–Ω—Å—å–∫–∞
chwiki;https://ch.wikipedia.org;Chamorro Wikipedia;Chamorro;Chamoru
urwikiquote;https://ur.wikiquote.org;Urdu Wikiquote;Urdu;ÿßÿ±ÿØŸà
zawiktionary;https://za.wiktionary.org;Zhuang Wiktionary;Zhuang;Cuengh
ukwiktionary;https://uk.wiktionary.org;Ukrainian Wiktionary;Ukrainian;–£–∫—Ä–∞—ó–Ω—Å—å–∫–∞
etwikiquote;https://et.wikiquote.org;Estonian Wikiquote;Estonian;Eesti
kbpwiki;https://kbp.wikipedia.org;Kabiye Wikipedia;Kabiye;Kab…©y…õ
ikwiktionary;https://ik.wiktionary.org;Inupiak Wiktionary;Inupiak;I√±upiak
nqowiki;https://nqo.wikipedia.org;N'Ko Wikipedia;N'Ko;ﬂíﬂûﬂè
gotwiki;https://got.wikipedia.org;Gothic Wikipedia;Gothic;êå≤êåøêçÑêåπêçÉêå∫
tawiktionary;https://ta.wiktionary.org;Tamil Wiktionary;Tamil;‡Æ§‡ÆÆ‡Æø‡Æ¥‡Øç
olowiki;https://olo.wikipedia.org;Livvi-Karelian Wikipedia;Livvi-Karelian;livvin kieli
plwikiquote;https://pl.wikiquote.org;Polish Wikiquote;Polish;Polski
tkwikibooks;https://tk.wikibooks.org;Turkmen Wikibooks;Turkmen;ÿ™ÿ±ŸÉŸÖŸÜ / –¢—É—Ä–∫–º–µ–Ω
szlwiki;https://szl.wikipedia.org;Silesian Wikipedia;Silesian;≈öl≈Ønski
huwikisource;https://hu.wikisource.org;Hungarian Wikisource;Hungarian;Magyar
banwikisource;https://ban.wikisource.org;Balinese Wikisource;Balinese;Basa Bali
plwikinews;https://pl.wikinews.org;Polish Wikinews;Polish;Polski
cywiktionary;https://cy.wiktionary.org;Welsh Wiktionary;Welsh;Cymraeg
enwikiversity;https://en.wikiversity.org;English Wikiversity;English;English
tcywiki;https://tcy.wikipedia.org;Tulu Wikipedia;Tulu;‡≤§‡≥Å‡≤≥‡≥Å ‡≤≠‡≤æ‡≤∑‡≥Ü
fiwikiquote;https://fi.wikiquote.org;Finnish Wikiquote;Finnish;Suomi
fonwiki;https://fon.wikipedia.org;Fon Wikipedia;Fon;f…îÃÄngb√®
orwiki;https://or.wikipedia.org;Oriya Wikipedia;Oriya;‡¨ì‡≠ú‡¨ø‡¨Ü
satwiki;https://sat.wikipedia.org;Santali Wikipedia;Santali;·±•·±ü·±±·±õ·±ü·±≤·±§
myvwiki;https://myv.wikipedia.org;Erzya Wikipedia;Erzya;–≠—Ä–∑—è–Ω—å (Erzjanj Kelj)
kowikiquote;https://ko.wikiquote.org;Korean Wikiquote;Korean;ÌïúÍµ≠Ïñ¥
nnwikiquote;https://nn.wikiquote.org;Norwegian (Nynorsk) Wikiquote;Norwegian (Nynorsk);Nynorsk
fowiki;https://fo.wikipedia.org;Faroese Wikipedia;Faroese;F√∏royskt
hywiki;https://hy.wikipedia.org;Armenian Wikipedia;Armenian;’Ä’°’µ’•÷Ä’•’∂
bjnwikiquote;https://bjn.wikiquote.org;Banjar Wikiquote;Banjar;Bahasa Banjar
kywikiquote;https://ky.wikiquote.org;Kirghiz Wikiquote;Kirghiz;Kƒ±rgƒ±zca
hiwikiquote;https://hi.wikiquote.org;Hindi Wikiquote;Hindi;‡§π‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§¶‡•Ä
bgwikisource;https://bg.wikisource.org;Bulgarian Wikisource;Bulgarian;–ë—ä–ª–≥–∞—Ä—Å–∫–∏
guwikibooks;https://gu.wikibooks.org;Gujarti Wikibooks;Gujarti;‡™ó‡´Å‡™ú‡™∞‡™æ‡™§‡´Ä
pswiktionary;https://ps.wiktionary.org;Pashto Wiktionary;Pashto;Ÿæ⁄öÿ™Ÿà
enwikivoyage;https://en.wikivoyage.org;English Wikivoyage;English;English
azwikibooks;https://az.wikibooks.org;Azerbaijani Wikibooks;Azerbaijani;Az…ôrbaycanca
blkwiktionary;https://blk.wiktionary.org;Pa'O Wiktionary;Pa'O;·Äï·Ä°·Ä≠·ÄØ·Äù·Ä∫·Çè·Äò·Ä¨·Çè·Äû·Ä¨·Çè
test2wiki;https://test2.wikipedia.org;Wikipedia Test2 Wiki;All;All
zhwikibooks;https://zh.wikibooks.org;Chinese Wikibooks;Chinese;‰∏≠Êñá
minwiki;https://min.wikipedia.org;Minangkabau Wikipedia;Minangkabau;Baso Minangkabau
kwwiki;https://kw.wikipedia.org;Cornish Wikipedia;Cornish;Kernewek/Karnuack
dawikisource;https://da.wikisource.org;Danish Wikisource;Danish;Dansk
ugwikiquote;https://ug.wikiquote.org;Uyghur Wikiquote;Uyghur;ÿ¶€áŸäÿ∫€áÿ± ÿ™ŸâŸÑŸâ
eewiki;https://ee.wikipedia.org;Ewe Wikipedia;Ewe;E ãegbe
itwikinews;https://it.wikinews.org;Italian Wikinews;Italian;Italiano
bpywiki;https://bpy.wikipedia.org;Bishnupriya Manipuri Wikipedia;Bishnupriya Manipuri;‡¶á‡¶Æ‡¶æ‡¶∞ ‡¶†‡¶æ‡¶∞/‡¶¨‡¶ø‡¶∑‡ßç‡¶£‡ßÅ‡¶™‡ßç‡¶∞‡¶ø‡¶Ø‡¶º‡¶æ ‡¶Æ‡¶£‡¶ø‡¶™‡ßÅ‡¶∞‡ßÄ
sewikimedia;https://se.wikimedia.org;Northern Sami Wikimedia;Northern Sami;S√°megiella
sawikibooks;https://sa.wikibooks.org;Sanskrit Wikibooks;Sanskrit;‡§∏‡§Ç‡§∏‡•ç‡§ï‡•É‡§§‡§Æ‡•ç
ptwikivoyage;https://pt.wikivoyage.org;Portuguese Wikivoyage;Portuguese;Portugu√™s
hewiki;https://he.wikipedia.org;Hebrew Wikipedia;Hebrew;◊¢◊ë◊®◊ô◊™
lbwiki;https://lb.wikipedia.org;Luxembourgish Wikipedia;Luxembourgish;L√´tzebuergesch
nsowiki;https://nso.wikipedia.org;Northern Sotho Wikipedia;Northern Sotho;Sesotho sa Leboa
pnbwiki;https://pnb.wikipedia.org;Western Panjabi Wikipedia;Western Panjabi;ÿ¥ÿß€Å ŸÖ⁄©⁄æ€å ŸæŸÜÿ¨ÿßÿ®€å (ShƒÅhmukhƒ´ Pa√±jƒÅbƒ´)
fawikiquote;https://fa.wikiquote.org;Persian Wikiquote;Persian;ŸÅÿßÿ±ÿ≥€å
maiwiki;https://mai.wikipedia.org;Maithili Wikipedia;Maithili;‡§Æ‡•à‡§•‡§ø‡§≤‡•Ä
wbwikimedia;https://wb.wikimedia.org;West Bengal Wikimedia;Bengali;‡¶¨‡¶æ‡¶Ç‡¶≤‡¶æ
newwiki;https://new.wikipedia.org;Newar / Nepal Bhasa Wikipedia;Newar / Nepal Bhasa;‡§®‡•á‡§™‡§æ‡§≤ ‡§≠‡§æ‡§∑‡§æ
sawikiquote;https://sa.wikiquote.org;Sanskrit Wikiquote;Sanskrit;‡§∏‡§Ç‡§∏‡•ç‡§ï‡•É‡§§‡§Æ‡•ç
apiportalwiki;https://api.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia API Portal;All;All
vewiki;https://ve.wikipedia.org;Venda Wikipedia;Venda;Tshivenda
hsbwiki;https://hsb.wikipedia.org;Upper Sorbian Wikipedia;Upper Sorbian;Hornjoserbsce
htwikisource;https://ht.wikisource.org;Haitian Wikisource;Haitian;Kr√®yol ayisyen
jawikinews;https://ja.wikinews.org;Japanese Wikinews;Japanese;Êó•Êú¨Ë™û
dewiktionary;https://de.wiktionary.org;German Wiktionary;German;Deutsch
jawikisource;https://ja.wikisource.org;Japanese Wikisource;Japanese;Êó•Êú¨Ë™û
kuwiki;https://ku.wikipedia.org;Kurdish Wikipedia;Kurdish;Kurd√Æ / ŸÉŸàÿ±ÿØ€å
trwikiquote;https://tr.wikiquote.org;Turkish Wikiquote;Turkish;T√ºrk√ße
pawikisource;https://pa.wikisource.org;Punjabi Wikisource;Punjabi;‡®™‡©∞‡®ú‡®æ‡®¨‡©Ä
sgwiki;https://sg.wikipedia.org;Sango Wikipedia;Sango;S√§ng√∂
sewiki;https://se.wikipedia.org;Northern Sami Wikipedia;Northern Sami;S√°megiella
ilowiki;https://ilo.wikipedia.org;Ilokano Wikipedia;Ilokano;Ilokano
zh_yuewiki;https://zh-yue.wikipedia.org;Cantonese Wikipedia;Cantonese;Á≤µË™û
tnwiktionary;https://tn.wiktionary.org;Setswana Wiktionary;Setswana;Setswana
romdwikimedia;https://romd.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Romania and Moldova;Romanian;Rom√¢nƒÉ
wikimania2005wiki;https://wikimania2005.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2005 Wiki;English;English
tawikiquote;https://ta.wikiquote.org;Tamil Wikiquote;Tamil;‡Æ§‡ÆÆ‡Æø‡Æ¥‡Øç
bhwiki;https://bh.wikipedia.org;Bihari Wikipedia;Bihari;‡§≠‡•ã‡§ú‡§™‡•Å‡§∞‡•Ä
kswikibooks;https://ks.wikibooks.org;Kashmiri Wikibooks;Kashmiri;‡§ï‡§∂‡•ç‡§Æ‡•Ä‡§∞‡•Ä - (ŸÉÿ¥ŸÖŸäÿ±Ÿä
uzwiktionary;https://uz.wiktionary.org;Uzbek Wiktionary;Uzbek;O‚Äòzbek
mlwiki;https://ml.wikipedia.org;Malayalam Wikipedia;Malayalam;‡¥Æ‡¥≤‡¥Ø‡¥æ‡¥≥‡¥Ç
zuwiki;https://zu.wikipedia.org;Zulu Wikipedia;Zulu;isiZulu
orwikisource;https://or.wikisource.org;Oriya Wikisource;Oriya;‡¨ì‡≠ú‡¨ø‡¨Ü
chwiktionary;https://ch.wiktionary.org;Chamorro Wiktionary;Chamorro;Chamoru
idwikisource;https://id.wikisource.org;Indonesian Wikisource;Indonesian;Bahasa Indonesia
ptwikiversity;https://pt.wikiversity.org;Portuguese Wikiversity;Portuguese;Portugu√™s
iswikiquote;https://is.wikiquote.org;Icelandic Wikiquote;Icelandic;√çslenska
bat_smgwiki;https://bat-smg.wikipedia.org;Samogitian Wikipedia;Samogitian;≈Ωemaitƒó≈°ka
ttwikiquote;https://tt.wikiquote.org;Tatar Wikiquote;Tatar;Tatar√ßa / –¢–∞—Ç–∞—Ä—á–∞
viwiktionary;https://vi.wiktionary.org;Vietnamese Wiktionary;Vietnamese;Ti·∫øng Vi·ªát
piwiktionary;https://pi.wiktionary.org;Pali Wiktionary;Pali;‡§™‡§æ‡§ø‡§¥
ptwiktionary;https://pt.wiktionary.org;Portuguese Wiktionary;Portuguese;Portugu√™s
bnwiktionary;https://bn.wiktionary.org;Bengali Wiktionary;Bengali;‡¶¨‡¶æ‡¶Ç‡¶≤‡¶æ
warwiki;https://war.wikipedia.org;Waray-Waray Wikipedia;Waray-Waray;Winaray
xalwiki;https://xal.wikipedia.org;Kalmyk Wikipedia;Kalmyk;–•–∞–ª—å–º–≥
etwikimedia;https://ee.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Estonia;Estonian;Eesti
huwikibooks;https://hu.wikibooks.org;Hungarian Wikibooks;Hungarian;Magyar
dewikivoyage;https://de.wikivoyage.org;German Wikivoyage;German;Deutsch
nnwiktionary;https://nn.wiktionary.org;Norwegian (Nynorsk) Wiktionary;Norwegian (Nynorsk);Nynorsk
arwikinews;https://ar.wikinews.org;Arabic Wikinews;Arabic;ÿßŸÑÿπÿ±ÿ®Ÿäÿ©
uzwikiquote;https://uz.wikiquote.org;Uzbek Wikiquote;Uzbek;O‚Äòzbek
srwikinews;https://sr.wikinews.org;Serbian Wikinews;Serbian;–°—Ä–ø—Å–∫–∏ / Srpski
svwikibooks;https://sv.wikibooks.org;Swedish Wikibooks;Swedish;Svenska
nrmwiki;https://nrm.wikipedia.org;Norman Wikipedia;Norman;Nouormand/Normaund
loginwiki;https://login.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Login Wiki;All;All
altwiki;https://alt.wikipedia.org;Altai Wikipedia;Altai;–∞–ª—Ç–∞–π —Ç–∏–ª
hrwikisource;https://hr.wikisource.org;Croatian Wikisource;Croatian;Hrvatski
nlwiki;https://nl.wikipedia.org;Dutch Wikipedia;Dutch;Nederlands
pmswiki;https://pms.wikipedia.org;Piedmontese Wikipedia;Piedmontese;Piemont√®is
bewikisource;https://be.wikisource.org;Belarusian Wikisource;Belarusian;–ë–µ–ª–∞—Ä—É—Å–∫–∞—è
plwikibooks;https://pl.wikibooks.org;Polish Wikibooks;Polish;Polski
brwikisource;https://br.wikisource.org;Breton Wikisource;Breton;Brezhoneg
itwikivoyage;https://it.wikivoyage.org;Italian Wikivoyage;Italian;Italiano
kuwikibooks;https://ku.wikibooks.org;Kurdish Wikibooks;Kurdish;Kurd√Æ / ŸÉŸàÿ±ÿØ€å
ndswikibooks;https://nds.wikibooks.org;Low Saxon Wikibooks;Low Saxon;Plattd√º√ºtsch
wowiki;https://wo.wikipedia.org;Wolof Wikipedia;Wolof;Wolof
fawiktionary;https://fa.wiktionary.org;Persian Wiktionary;Persian;ŸÅÿßÿ±ÿ≥€å
iuwiki;https://iu.wikipedia.org;Inuktitut Wikipedia;Inuktitut;·êÉ·ìÑ·íÉ·ëé·ëê·ë¶
arwikibooks;https://ar.wikibooks.org;Arabic Wikibooks;Arabic;ÿßŸÑÿπÿ±ÿ®Ÿäÿ©
lawiktionary;https://la.wiktionary.org;Latin Wiktionary;Latin;Latina
ltgwiki;https://ltg.wikipedia.org;Latgalian Wikipedia;Latgalian;Latgaƒºu
wikimania2015wiki;https://wikimania2015.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2015 Wiki;English;English
cawikimedia;https://ca.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Canada;English;English
mhwiki;https://mh.wikipedia.org;Marshallese Wikipedia;Marshallese;Ebon
eswiktionary;https://es.wiktionary.org;Spanish Wiktionary;Spanish;Espa√±ol
ikwiki;https://ik.wikipedia.org;Inupiak Wikipedia;Inupiak;I√±upiak
svwikiquote;https://sv.wikiquote.org;Swedish Wikiquote;Swedish;Svenska
ruwikinews;https://ru.wikinews.org;Russian Wikinews;Russian;–†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π
tewikisource;https://te.wikisource.org;Telugu Wikisource;Telugu;‡∞§‡±Ü‡∞≤‡±Å‡∞ó‡±Å
tgwiki;https://tg.wikipedia.org;Tajik Wikipedia;Tajik;–¢–æ“∑–∏–∫”£
hewikisource;https://he.wikisource.org;Hebrew Wikisource;Hebrew;◊¢◊ë◊®◊ô◊™
bxrwiki;https://bxr.wikipedia.org;Buryat (Russia) Wikipedia;Buryat (Russia);–ë—É—Ä—è–∞–¥
mnwwiktionary;https://mnw.wiktionary.org;Mon Wiktionary;Mon;·Äò·Ä¨·Äû·Ä¨·Äô·Äî·Ä∫
hywiktionary;https://hy.wiktionary.org;Armenian Wiktionary;Armenian;’Ä’°’µ’•÷Ä’•’∂
kwwikiquote;https://kw.wikiquote.org;Cornish Wikiquote;Cornish;Kernewek/Karnuack
scwiki;https://sc.wikipedia.org;Sardinian Wikipedia;Sardinian;Sardu
elwikisource;https://el.wikisource.org;Greek Wikisource;Greek;ŒïŒªŒªŒ∑ŒΩŒπŒ∫Œ¨
arwikiversity;https://ar.wikiversity.org;Arabic Wikiversity;Arabic;ÿßŸÑÿπÿ±ÿ®Ÿäÿ©
smnwiki;https://smn.wikipedia.org;Inari Sami Wikipedia;Inari Sami;Anar√¢≈°kiel√¢
guwwiki;https://guw.wikipedia.org;Gun Wikipedia;Gun;Gungb√®
fawikinews;https://fa.wikinews.org;Persian Wikinews;Persian;ŸÅÿßÿ±ÿ≥€å
pnbwiktionary;https://pnb.wiktionary.org;Western Panjabi Wiktionary;Western Panjabi;ÿ¥ÿß€Å ŸÖ⁄©⁄æ€å ŸæŸÜÿ¨ÿßÿ®€å (ShƒÅhmukhƒ´ Pa√±j
vlswiki;https://vls.wikipedia.org;West Flemish Wikipedia;West Flemish;West-Vlams
srwikiquote;https://sr.wikiquote.org;Serbian Wikiquote;Serbian;–°—Ä–ø—Å–∫–∏ / Srpski
kywiki;https://ky.wikipedia.org;Kirghiz Wikipedia;Kirghiz;–ö—ã—Ä–≥—ã–∑—á–∞
mxwikimedia;https://mx.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Mexico;Spanish;Espa√±ol
yowiktionary;https://yo.wiktionary.org;Yoruba Wiktionary;Yoruba;Yor√πb√°
guwwikiquote;https://guw.wikiquote.org;Gun Wikiquote;Gun;Gungb√®
slwikiversity;https://sl.wikiversity.org;Slovene Wikiversity;Slovene;Sloven≈°ƒçina
ukwiki;https://uk.wikipedia.org;Ukrainian Wikipedia;Ukrainian;–£–∫—Ä–∞—ó–Ω—Å—å–∫–∞
wowikiquote;https://wo.wikiquote.org;Wolof Wikiquote;Wolof;Wollof
maiwikimedia;https://mai.wikimedia.org;Maithili Wikimedia;Maithili;‡§Æ‡•à‡§•‡§ø‡§≤‡•Ä
tpiwiki;https://tpi.wikipedia.org;Tok Pisin Wikipedia;Tok Pisin;Tok Pisin
cawikisource;https://ca.wikisource.org;Catalan Wikisource;Catalan;Catal√†
mniwiktionary;https://mni.wiktionary.org;Meitei Wiktionary;Meitei;ÍØÉÍØ§ÍØáÍØ©ÍØÇÍØ£ÍØü
ptwiki;https://pt.wikipedia.org;Portuguese Wikipedia;Portuguese;Portugu√™s
tkwiktionary;https://tk.wiktionary.org;Turkmen Wiktionary;Turkmen;ÿ™ÿ±ŸÉŸÖŸÜ / –¢—É—Ä–∫–º–µ–Ω
viwikiquote;https://vi.wikiquote.org;Vietnamese Wikiquote;Vietnamese;Ti·∫øng Vi·ªát
napwikisource;https://nap.wikisource.org;Neapolitan Wikisource;Neapolitan;Nnapulitano
bjnwiki;https://bjn.wikipedia.org;Banjar Wikipedia;Banjar;Bahasa Banjar
trwikisource;https://tr.wikisource.org;Turkish Wikisource;Turkish;T√ºrk√ße
vowiki;https://vo.wikipedia.org;Volap√ºk Wikipedia;Volap√ºk;Volap√ºk
lrcwiki;https://lrc.wikipedia.org;Northern Luri Wikipedia;Northern Luri;ŸÑ€äÿ±€å ÿ¥ŸàŸÖÿßŸÑ€å
svwikisource;https://sv.wikisource.org;Swedish Wikisource;Swedish;Svenska
arwiki;https://ar.wikipedia.org;Arabic Wikipedia;Arabic;ÿßŸÑÿπÿ±ÿ®Ÿäÿ©
bmwiktionary;https://bm.wiktionary.org;Bambara Wiktionary;Bambara;Bamanankan
nlwikinews;https://nl.wikinews.org;Dutch Wikinews;Dutch;Nederlands
hakwiki;https://hak.wikipedia.org;Hakka Wikipedia;Hakka;Hak-k√¢-fa / ÂÆ¢ÂÆ∂Ë©±
angwiktionary;https://ang.wiktionary.org;Anglo-Saxon Wiktionary;Anglo-Saxon;Englisc
nahwiktionary;https://nah.wiktionary.org;Nahuatl Wiktionary;Nahuatl;Nahuatl
sawiktionary;https://sa.wiktionary.org;Sanskrit Wiktionary;Sanskrit;‡§∏‡§Ç‡§∏‡•ç‡§ï‡•É‡§§‡§Æ‡•ç
bnwikiquote;https://bn.wikiquote.org;Bengali Wikiquote;Bengali;‡¶¨‡¶æ‡¶Ç‡¶≤‡¶æ
vepwiki;https://vep.wikipedia.org;Vepsian Wikipedia;Vepsian;Veps√É¬§n
guwikisource;https://gu.wikisource.org;Gujarati Wikisource;Gujarati;‡™ó‡´Å‡™ú‡™∞‡™æ‡™§‡´Ä
etwiktionary;https://et.wiktionary.org;Estonian Wiktionary;Estonian;Eesti
azwikimedia;https://az.wikimedia.org;Azerbaijani Wikimedia;Azerbaijani;Az…ôrbaycanca
bnwikibooks;https://bn.wikibooks.org;Bengali Wikibooks;Bengali;‡¶¨‡¶æ‡¶Ç‡¶≤‡¶æ
fiwikisource;https://fi.wikisource.org;Finnish Wikisource;Finnish;Suomi
howiki;https://ho.wikipedia.org;Hiri Motu Wikipedia;Hiri Motu;Hiri Motu
nycwikimedia;https://nyc.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia New York City;English;English
sdwikinews;https://sd.wikinews.org;Sindhi Wikinews;Sindhi;ÿ≥ŸÜ⁄åŸäÿå ÿ≥ŸÜÿØ⁄æ€å ÿå ‡§∏‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§ß
snwiktionary;https://sn.wiktionary.org;Shona Wiktionary;Shona;chiShona
stqwiki;https://stq.wikipedia.org;Saterland Frisian Wikipedia;Saterland Frisian;Seeltersk
nzwikimedia;https://nz.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia New Zealand;English;English
lbwiktionary;https://lb.wiktionary.org;Luxembourgish Wiktionary;Luxembourgish;L√´tzebuergesch
acewiki;https://ace.wikipedia.org;Acehnese Wikipedia;Acehnese;Bahsa Ac√®h
kywikibooks;https://ky.wikibooks.org;Kirghiz Wikibooks;Kirghiz;Kƒ±rgƒ±zca
xmfwiki;https://xmf.wikipedia.org;Mingrelian Wikipedia;Mingrelian;·Éõ·Éê·É†·Éí·Éê·Éö·É£·É†·Éò (Margaluri)
crwikiquote;https://cr.wikiquote.org;Cree Wikiquote;Cree;Nehiyaw
sowiktionary;https://so.wiktionary.org;Somali Wiktionary;Somali;Soomaaliga
cebwiki;https://ceb.wikipedia.org;Cebuano Wikipedia;Cebuano;Sinugboanong Binisaya
dzwiki;https://dz.wikipedia.org;Dzongkha Wikipedia;Dzongkha;‡Ωá‡Ωº‡ΩÑ‡ºã‡ΩÅ
iswikibooks;https://is.wikibooks.org;Icelandic Wikibooks;Icelandic;√çslenska
chrwiki;https://chr.wikipedia.org;Cherokee Wikipedia;Cherokee;·è£·é≥·é©
dvwiktionary;https://dv.wiktionary.org;Divehi Wiktionary;Divehi;ﬁãﬁ®ﬁàﬁ¨ﬁÄﬁ®ﬁÑﬁ¶ﬁêﬁ∞
gnwiktionary;https://gn.wiktionary.org;Guarani Wiktionary;Guarani;Ava√±e'·∫Ω
ugwikibooks;https://ug.wikibooks.org;Uyghur Wikibooks;Uyghur;Oyghurque
iowiki;https://io.wikipedia.org;Ido Wikipedia;Ido;Ido
hiwikibooks;https://hi.wikibooks.org;Hindi Wikibooks;Hindi;‡§π‡§ø‡§®‡•ç‡§¶‡•Ä
mnwiktionary;https://mn.wiktionary.org;Mongolian Wiktionary;Mongolian;–ú–æ–Ω–≥–æ–ª
dkwikimedia;https://dk.wikimedia.org;Wikimedia Denmark;Danish;Dansk
bswikisource;https://bs.wikisource.org;Bosnian Wikisource;Bosnian;Bosanski
viwiki;https://vi.wikipedia.org;Vietnamese Wikipedia;Vietnamese;Ti·∫øng Vi·ªát
fawiki;https://fa.wikipedia.org;Persian Wikipedia;Persian;ŸÅÿßÿ±ÿ≥€å
jbowiktionary;https://jbo.wiktionary.org;Lojban Wiktionary;Lojban;Lojban
kswikiquote;https://ks.wikiquote.org;Kashmiri Wikiquote;Kashmiri;‡§ï‡§∂‡•ç‡§Æ‡•Ä‡§∞‡•Ä - (ŸÉÿ¥ŸÖŸäÿ±Ÿä
brwiki;https://br.wikipedia.org;Breton Wikipedia;Breton;Brezhoneg
jvwiktionary;https://jv.wiktionary.org;Javanese Wiktionary;Javanese;Basa Jawa
tyvwiki;https://tyv.wikipedia.org;Tuvan Wikipedia;Tuvan;—Ç—ã–≤–∞ –¥—ã–ª
kswiktionary;https://ks.wiktionary.org;Kashmiri Wiktionary;Kashmiri;‡§ï‡§∂‡•ç‡§Æ‡•Ä‡§∞‡•Ä - (ŸÉÿ¥ŸÖŸäÿ±Ÿä
cvwiki;https://cv.wikipedia.org;Chuvash Wikipedia;Chuvash;–ßƒÉ–≤–∞—à
iswiki;https://is.wikipedia.org;Icelandic Wikipedia;Icelandic;√çslenska
wikimania2013wiki;https://wikimania2013.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2013 Wiki;English;English
viwikibooks;https://vi.wikibooks.org;Vietnamese Wikibooks;Vietnamese;Ti·∫øng Vi·ªát
liwikisource;https://li.wikisource.org;Limburgish Wikisource;Limburgish;Limburgs
ugwiki;https://ug.wikipedia.org;Uyghur Wikipedia;Uyghur;ÿ¶€áŸäÿ∫€áÿ± ÿ™ŸâŸÑŸâ
csbwiki;https://csb.wikipedia.org;Kashubian Wikipedia;Kashubian;Kasz√´bsczi
tawikibooks;https://ta.wikibooks.org;Tamil Wikibooks;Tamil;‡Æ§‡ÆÆ‡Æø‡Æ¥‡Øç
tlwiktionary;https://tl.wiktionary.org;Tagalog Wiktionary;Tagalog;Tagalog
gawikiquote;https://ga.wikiquote.org;Irish Wikiquote;Irish;Gaeilge
suwikisource;https://su.wikisource.org;Sundanese Wikisource;Sundanese;Basa Sunda
fawikibooks;https://fa.wikibooks.org;Persian Wikibooks;Persian;ŸÅÿßÿ±ÿ≥€å
anwiki;https://an.wikipedia.org;Aragonese Wikipedia;Aragonese;Aragon√©s
wikimania2011wiki;https://wikimania2011.wikimedia.org;Wikimania 2011 Wiki;English;English
fatwiki;https://fat.wikipedia.org;Fante Wikipedia;Fante;Mfantse
nlwiktionary;https://nl.wiktionary.org;Dutch Wiktionary;Dutch;Nederlands
cvwikibooks;https://cv.wikibooks.org;Chuvash Wikibooks;Chuvash;–ß”ë–≤–∞—à - (ƒàƒÉva≈ù)
mznwiki;https://mzn.wikipedia.org;Mazandarani Wikipedia;Mazandarani;ŸÖŸéÿ≤Ÿêÿ±ŸàŸÜŸä
eowikivoyage;https://eo.wikivoyage.org;Esperanto Wikivoyage;Esperanto;Esperanto
hewikiquote;https://he.wikiquote.org;Hebrew Wikiquote;Hebrew;◊¢◊ë◊®◊ô◊™
zhwikivoyage;https://zh.wikivoyage.org;Chinese Wikivoyage;Chinese;‰∏≠Êñá
lldwiki;https://lld.wikipedia.org;Ladin Wikipedia;Ladin;Ladin
afwikiquote;https://af.wikiquote.org;Afrikaans Wikiquote;Afrikaans;Afrikaans
tawiki;https://ta.wikipedia.org;Tamil Wikipedia;Tamil;‡Æ§‡ÆÆ‡Æø‡Æ¥‡Øç